
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               4932686598333                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                              206193137                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1847224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                516458637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     1.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              347358589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   257493018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     644999816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000434                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   433818906                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.Branches                            19587                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.Criticality                        839088                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     104909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       184964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                      22815                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                           21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      23925                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.445411                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     141398                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.554589                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1849321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1025613.208485                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads               99225                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              67933                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        14473                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   223                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          223                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 361                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                181                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       3697                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              823707.791515                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               182125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      182125                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             379842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            139925                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      22794                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        46710                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     23916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 1196      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   136580     73.83%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     322      0.17%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       19      0.01%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      2      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       8      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                      32      0.02%     74.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                      50      0.03%     74.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                     49      0.03%     74.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                    13      0.01%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   22746     12.30%     87.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  23916     12.93%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                 48      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    184981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.Branches 1 1
system.cpu1.Criticality                             0                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.Branches 1 1
system.cpu2.Criticality                             0                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.Branches 1 1
system.cpu3.Criticality                             0                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.Branches                               99                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.Criticality                          3024                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                        122                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                         66                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.997793                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                        479                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.002207                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.numCycles                          817876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               1805.002696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                 423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                273                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           58                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         28                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              816070.997304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         865                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1644                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        120                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          184                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        64                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                   15      1.68%      1.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      697     77.96%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     118     13.20%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     64      7.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.Branches 1 1
system.cpu5.Criticality                             0                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.Branches                            12716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.Criticality                        533336                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu6.committedInsts                      66673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                       124377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                      18213                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                           22                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                      16805                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                           10                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.622616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                      88854                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                           43                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.377384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.numCycles                          326779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              123321.139471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads               65540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              39105                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         9336                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1143                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                         1143                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                1937                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                893                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              203457.860529                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               120616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      120616                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             257292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             92802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      18190                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        34984                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     16794                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                 1785      1.44%      1.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    86495     69.54%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     245      0.20%     71.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       38      0.03%     71.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                     23      0.02%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                      30      0.02%     71.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                      81      0.07%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                     280      0.23%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                    411      0.33%     71.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                    15      0.01%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     71.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   18018     14.49%     86.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  16794     13.50%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                170      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                    124385                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.Branches                             6302                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.Criticality                        274984                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      34387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        61656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                      10204                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                       8067                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                           14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.816350                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                      45581                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                           30                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.183650                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1544337                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              283618.140542                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               29696                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              18435                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         4077                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    38                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           38                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1260718.859458                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                60567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       60567                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads             131144                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             46696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      10194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        18244                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      8050                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                  450      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    42854     69.49%     70.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      96      0.16%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      1      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       2      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       4      0.01%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       8      0.01%     70.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                     13      0.02%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   10183     16.51%     86.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   8050     13.05%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  7      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     61668                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       42544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           42544                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |        1142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total         1142                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       42544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        42544                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |        1142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total           1142                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |        1142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total         1142                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       42544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        42544                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |        1142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total         1142                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       42544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        42544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    76.744076                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    69.730905                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    63.532107                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |         342     81.04%     81.04% |          71     16.82%     97.87% |           1      0.24%     98.10% |           1      0.24%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           2      0.47%     98.82% |           4      0.95%     99.76% |           1      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean           24                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean            8                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          422                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.744076                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.808958                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.532107                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      0.24%      0.24% |         402     95.26%     95.50% |          10      2.37%     97.87% |           2      0.47%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           2      0.47%     98.82% |           5      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          422                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack           345880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks         6830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        43680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ         1142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE        42544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data              19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ          967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE        39112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS        182304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX        406930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data         3582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          820777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          671341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       518257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       592214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ          174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE         3413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS       297413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX       176262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT        490612      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS         6830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX         8651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM      1048929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS       402681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS         3133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX          370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM         6657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks         6830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS          523      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX         1157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS         9963      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data       589247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETS         1385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX          830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM         1094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS         7557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers          967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack         1224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers          169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data          169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack         7632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data          967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack       336920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        42544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data         3413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack        42544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_READ            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS       327080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX        77088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT          1020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS          2000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX            13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS         2000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data         2000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT           491632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS             2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM      1056680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS       422374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean          975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       474532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack       475668      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean          975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       474532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.335821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.565540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.012167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     94.03%     94.03% |           4      2.99%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           1      0.75%     97.76% |           3      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          134                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       272335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      272335    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       272335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.497441                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.478054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.159531                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         975     99.80%     99.80% |           2      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2743    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       275078                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      275078    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       275078                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples       276189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.178961                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.776394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |      276055     99.95%     99.95% |         126      0.05%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total       276189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.488749                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.549485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.690919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         977     87.94%     87.94% |         126     11.34%     99.28% |           4      0.36%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           1      0.09%     99.73% |           3      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       368039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      368039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       368039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr         9963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.693393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.500571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |         755     22.67%     22.67% |         771     23.15%     45.83% |        1024     30.75%     76.58% |         662     19.88%     96.46% |          26      0.78%     97.24% |           1      0.03%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |           3      0.09%     97.36% |          88      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.069317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3329     99.97%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.012012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.010249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.189480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3319     99.67%     99.67% |           6      0.18%     99.85% |           5      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.024625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.006196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.490211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        3320     99.70%     99.70% |           2      0.06%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           8      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         3330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.668765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.222212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           6      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |        3234     96.94%     97.12% |          91      2.73%     99.85% |           5      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     4173819     50.01%     50.01% |     1336404     16.01%     66.03% |      977303     11.71%     77.74% |      412375      4.94%     82.68% |      335624      4.02%     86.70% |      325906      3.91%     90.61% |      419947      5.03%     95.64% |      363788      4.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8345166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       53411     12.65%     12.65% |       61056     14.46%     27.10% |       52488     12.43%     39.53% |       49608     11.75%     51.27% |       51616     12.22%     63.49% |       52754     12.49%     75.98% |       55443     13.13%     89.11% |       45998     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       422374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |      581984     55.08%     55.08% |      183560     17.37%     72.45% |      132613     12.55%     85.00% |       40463      3.83%     88.83% |       26327      2.49%     91.32% |       23461      2.22%     93.54% |       33915      3.21%     96.75% |       34357      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1056680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1380331     63.31%     63.31% |      264986     12.15%     75.47% |      270672     12.42%     87.88% |       64672      2.97%     90.85% |       47992      2.20%     93.05% |       33904      1.56%     94.61% |       67451      3.09%     97.70% |       50149      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2180157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       18304     24.94%     24.94% |       13654     18.61%     43.55% |        8172     11.14%     54.69% |        6405      8.73%     63.42% |        6644      9.05%     72.47% |        6533      8.90%     81.37% |        6983      9.52%     90.89% |        6685      9.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        73380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      563211     57.50%     57.50% |      167672     17.12%     74.61% |      123616     12.62%     87.23% |       33832      3.45%     90.68% |       19667      2.01%     92.69% |       17006      1.74%     94.43% |       26905      2.75%     97.18% |       27670      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       979579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       11644     25.05%     25.05% |        5320     11.44%     36.49% |        4572      9.83%     46.32% |        3630      7.81%     54.13% |        4893     10.52%     64.65% |        4573      9.84%     74.49% |        6070     13.06%     87.55% |        5790     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        46492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      240174     31.10%     31.10% |      122103     15.81%     46.91% |      105440     13.65%     60.56% |       62064      8.04%     68.60% |       60439      7.83%     76.43% |       58662      7.60%     84.02% |       63594      8.23%     92.26% |       59794      7.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       772270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      344958      8.67%      8.67% |      427201     10.74%     19.41% |      488797     12.29%     31.69% |      556125     13.98%     45.67% |      549739     13.82%     59.49% |      552362     13.88%     73.37% |      531485     13.36%     86.73% |      527970     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      3978637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      260314      5.93%      5.93% |      457199     10.42%     16.36% |      509273     11.61%     27.97% |      616686     14.06%     42.03% |      639097     14.57%     56.60% |      637423     14.53%     71.13% |      629971     14.36%     85.49% |      636377     14.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      4386340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      369353     61.15%     61.15% |      103764     17.18%     78.33% |       68437     11.33%     89.66% |       20023      3.31%     92.97% |        8198      1.36%     94.33% |        8786      1.45%     95.78% |       15004      2.48%     98.27% |       10462      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       604027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     2488605     74.13%     74.13% |      353295     10.52%     84.65% |      230789      6.87%     91.53% |       88975      2.65%     94.18% |       35980      1.07%     95.25% |       35262      1.05%     96.30% |       79070      2.36%     98.66% |       45105      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3357081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        4561     21.42%     21.42% |        2518     11.83%     33.25% |        2413     11.33%     44.58% |        2350     11.04%     55.61% |        2301     10.81%     66.42% |        2328     10.93%     77.35% |        2372     11.14%     88.49% |        2450     11.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        21293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      364805     62.55%     62.55% |      101305     17.37%     79.92% |       66092     11.33%     91.26% |       17746      3.04%     94.30% |        5951      1.02%     95.32% |        6525      1.12%     96.44% |       12684      2.17%     98.61% |        8084      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       583192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX |          31      2.46%      2.46% |         111      8.82%     11.28% |         138     10.96%     22.24% |         177     14.06%     36.30% |         182     14.46%     50.75% |         167     13.26%     64.02% |         180     14.30%     78.32% |         273     21.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX::total         1259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     1283997     53.86%     53.86% |      248531     10.43%     64.29% |      231086      9.69%     73.98% |      119907      5.03%     79.01% |      121180      5.08%     84.10% |      120810      5.07%     89.17% |      149015      6.25%     95.42% |      109246      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2383772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         641     32.05%     32.05% |          72      3.60%     35.65% |         205     10.25%     45.90% |          35      1.75%     47.65% |         251     12.55%     60.20% |         265     13.25%     73.45% |         270     13.50%     86.95% |         261     13.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      198406     50.05%     50.05% |       66367     16.74%     66.80% |       57524     14.51%     81.31% |       16086      4.06%     85.37% |       13716      3.46%     88.83% |       10481      2.64%     91.47% |       14221      3.59%     95.06% |       19586      4.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       396387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |          23      2.15%      2.15% |          72      6.72%      8.87% |         128     11.95%     20.82% |         141     13.17%     33.99% |         205     19.14%     53.13% |         177     16.53%     69.65% |         175     16.34%     85.99% |         150     14.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total         1071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX |         413     26.63%     26.63% |          84      5.42%     32.04% |         143      9.22%     41.26% |         169     10.90%     52.16% |         230     14.83%     66.99% |         182     11.73%     78.72% |         218     14.06%     92.78% |         112      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX::total         1551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |      104163     14.66%     14.66% |      103861     14.62%     29.28% |       92424     13.01%     42.29% |       88179     12.41%     54.70% |       80850     11.38%     66.08% |       73973     10.41%     76.50% |       77604     10.92%     87.42% |       89362     12.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total       710416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       52771     12.55%     12.55% |       60984     14.51%     27.06% |       52283     12.44%     39.50% |       49573     11.79%     51.29% |       51365     12.22%     63.51% |       52489     12.49%     76.00% |       55173     13.12%     89.12% |       45737     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       420375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       47787     23.60%     23.60% |       42182     20.83%     44.43% |       23425     11.57%     56.00% |       21114     10.43%     66.43% |       15765      7.79%     74.22% |       15599      7.70%     81.92% |       18511      9.14%     91.06% |       18100      8.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total       202483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |       17663     24.75%     24.75% |       13582     19.03%     43.77% |        7967     11.16%     54.93% |        6370      8.92%     63.86% |        6393      8.96%     72.81% |        6268      8.78%     81.60% |        6713      9.40%     91.00% |        6424      9.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        71380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   264101721     77.26%     77.26% |    19661604      5.75%     83.01% |    16473906      4.82%     87.83% |     8416980      2.46%     90.29% |     8264476      2.42%     92.71% |     7348467      2.15%     94.86% |     9380072      2.74%     97.60% |     8197337      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    341844563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     1903616     65.61%     65.61% |      294414     10.15%     75.76% |      350066     12.07%     87.83% |       86349      2.98%     90.80% |       62040      2.14%     92.94% |       47559      1.64%     94.58% |       90366      3.11%     97.69% |       66892      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      2901302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |      485124     98.51%     98.51% |         732      0.15%     98.65% |        5810      1.18%     99.83% |          14      0.00%     99.84% |          34      0.01%     99.84% |          47      0.01%     99.85% |         647      0.13%     99.99% |          73      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       492481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    57711324     78.86%     78.86% |     4254449      5.81%     84.68% |     3215344      4.39%     89.07% |     1624969      2.22%     91.29% |     1581122      2.16%     93.45% |     1433649      1.96%     95.41% |     1792647      2.45%     97.86% |     1567163      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     73180667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   235330665     99.36%     99.36% |      939717      0.40%     99.76% |      232085      0.10%     99.86% |       71197      0.03%     99.89% |       29884      0.01%     99.90% |       38711      0.02%     99.92% |       46121      0.02%     99.94% |      150444      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    236838824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |      220965     80.05%     80.05% |        7434      2.69%     82.75% |       24263      8.79%     91.54% |        3360      1.22%     92.75% |        9763      3.54%     96.29% |        1811      0.66%     96.95% |        4861      1.76%     98.71% |        3565      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       276022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       15949     95.58%     95.58% |          33      0.20%     95.78% |         617      3.70%     99.48% |           4      0.02%     99.50% |           2      0.01%     99.51% |           3      0.02%     99.53% |          69      0.41%     99.95% |           9      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        16686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3524827     67.14%     67.14% |      716689     13.65%     80.79% |      260033      4.95%     85.75% |      138437      2.64%     88.38% |      156115      2.97%     91.36% |      137191      2.61%     93.97% |      154672      2.95%     96.92% |      161811      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5249775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          91     13.04%     13.04% |         144     20.63%     33.67% |          80     11.46%     45.13% |          72     10.32%     55.44% |          52      7.45%     62.89% |          78     11.17%     74.07% |         107     15.33%     89.40% |          74     10.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |       13477     16.17%     16.17% |       12909     15.49%     31.66% |       11406     13.69%     45.35% |        7492      8.99%     54.34% |        8483     10.18%     64.52% |        6965      8.36%     72.88% |        7423      8.91%     81.78% |       15180     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        83335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |        1536      7.86%      7.86% |        4486     22.95%     30.81% |       10138     51.87%     82.69% |        1636      8.37%     91.06% |         436      2.23%     93.29% |         559      2.86%     96.15% |         340      1.74%     97.89% |         413      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total        19544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      162431     62.68%     62.68% |       45691     17.63%     80.32% |       31838     12.29%     92.60% |        6067      2.34%     94.94% |        3231      1.25%     96.19% |        2300      0.89%     97.08% |        4714      1.82%     98.90% |        2856      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       259128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       55573     75.00%     75.00% |        4735      6.39%     81.39% |        3751      5.06%     86.45% |         659      0.89%     87.34% |        6106      8.24%     95.58% |         442      0.60%     96.17% |        2263      3.05%     99.23% |         573      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        74102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      141640     94.46%     94.46% |         492      0.33%     94.78% |        6818      4.55%     99.33% |          17      0.01%     99.34% |         181      0.12%     99.46% |          37      0.02%     99.49% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       149953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     70.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           6     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          15     37.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |          25     62.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      483787     98.61%     98.61% |         624      0.13%     98.74% |        5670      1.16%     99.89% |           7      0.00%     99.89% |          13      0.00%     99.90% |           6      0.00%     99.90% |         485      0.10%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       490612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch |      194201     99.95%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.96% |          15      0.01%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch::total       194306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |     1502685     88.07%     88.07% |       48615      2.85%     90.92% |       89654      5.25%     96.17% |       19106      1.12%     97.29% |        8238      0.48%     97.78% |        7618      0.45%     98.22% |       18568      1.09%     99.31% |       11746      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1706230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      467838     98.72%     98.72% |         591      0.12%     98.84% |        5053      1.07%     99.91% |           3      0.00%     99.91% |          11      0.00%     99.91% |           3      0.00%     99.91% |         416      0.09%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       473926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    52448281     83.88%     83.88% |     2641277      4.22%     88.10% |     2277505      3.64%     91.75% |     1068332      1.71%     93.45% |     1007336      1.61%     95.07% |      914379      1.46%     96.53% |     1151394      1.84%     98.37% |     1019964      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     62528468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |        1070     17.96%     17.96% |        2188     36.72%     54.67% |        1072     17.99%     72.66% |         377      6.33%     78.99% |         376      6.31%     85.30% |         254      4.26%     89.56% |         341      5.72%     95.28% |         281      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total         5959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       45083     21.04%     21.04% |       82236     38.38%     59.42% |       35980     16.79%     76.22% |       11826      5.52%     81.74% |        9480      4.42%     86.16% |        8976      4.19%     90.35% |       11073      5.17%     95.52% |        9598      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total       214252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |       11957      7.47%      7.47% |       68070     42.51%     49.98% |       55548     34.69%     84.67% |       11564      7.22%     91.89% |        2406      1.50%     93.39% |        3614      2.26%     95.65% |        3944      2.46%     98.11% |        3028      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total       160131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    20219360     66.52%     66.52% |     2972533      9.78%     76.30% |     2299776      7.57%     83.87% |     1055693      3.47%     87.34% |      950044      3.13%     90.47% |      832462      2.74%     93.21% |     1122261      3.69%     96.90% |      942978      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     30395107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1008159     92.64%     92.64% |       27813      2.56%     95.20% |       29503      2.71%     97.91% |        4251      0.39%     98.30% |        3618      0.33%     98.63% |        2613      0.24%     98.87% |        7233      0.66%     99.53% |        5069      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1088259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      936415     96.23%     96.23% |        8566      0.88%     97.11% |       16270      1.67%     98.78% |        2645      0.27%     99.06% |        1852      0.19%     99.25% |        1716      0.18%     99.42% |        3443      0.35%     99.78% |        2184      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       973091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       71744     62.30%     62.30% |       19247     16.71%     79.01% |       13233     11.49%     90.50% |        1606      1.39%     91.89% |        1766      1.53%     93.43% |         897      0.78%     94.20% |        3790      3.29%     97.49% |        2885      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       115168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1008365     92.64%     92.64% |       27814      2.56%     95.20% |       29504      2.71%     97.91% |        4252      0.39%     98.30% |        3619      0.33%     98.63% |        2614      0.24%     98.87% |        7234      0.66%     99.53% |        5070      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1088472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |       60465      9.74%      9.74% |      294238     47.40%     57.14% |      184817     29.77%     86.91% |       33277      5.36%     92.27% |       11412      1.84%     94.11% |       12912      2.08%     96.19% |       11531      1.86%     98.05% |       12131      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total       620783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      364965     62.34%     62.34% |      102959     17.59%     79.93% |       66285     11.32%     91.25% |       17815      3.04%     94.30% |        5976      1.02%     95.32% |        6564      1.12%     96.44% |       12728      2.17%     98.61% |        8114      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       585406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           9      4.64%      4.64% |          43     22.16%     26.80% |          30     15.46%     42.27% |          34     17.53%     59.79% |          20     10.31%     70.10% |          22     11.34%     81.44% |          21     10.82%     92.27% |          15      7.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total          194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       12964     11.96%     11.96% |       64111     59.15%     71.11% |       17962     16.57%     87.68% |        3624      3.34%     91.03% |        2240      2.07%     93.09% |        2861      2.64%     95.73% |        2270      2.09%     97.83% |        2355      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       108387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |      141640     94.46%     94.46% |         492      0.33%     94.78% |        6818      4.55%     99.33% |          17      0.01%     99.34% |         181      0.12%     99.46% |          37      0.02%     99.49% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       149953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |       54473     75.49%     75.49% |        4427      6.13%     81.62% |        3545      4.91%     86.54% |         608      0.84%     87.38% |        6054      8.39%     95.77% |         334      0.46%     96.23% |        2213      3.07%     99.30% |         506      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total        72160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1100     56.64%     56.64% |         308     15.86%     72.50% |         206     10.61%     83.11% |          51      2.63%     85.74% |          52      2.68%     88.41% |         108      5.56%     93.98% |          50      2.57%     96.55% |          67      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         1942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      197213     88.02%     88.02% |        5227      2.33%     90.35% |       10569      4.72%     95.07% |         676      0.30%     95.37% |        6287      2.81%     98.18% |         479      0.21%     98.39% |        2682      1.20%     99.59% |         922      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       224055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |      120993     16.65%     16.65% |      223225     30.72%     47.37% |      182040     25.05%     72.42% |       49672      6.84%     79.26% |       37255      5.13%     84.39% |       25264      3.48%     87.86% |       29675      4.08%     91.95% |       58503      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total       726627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      198246     50.29%     50.29% |       64713     16.42%     66.71% |       57331     14.54%     81.26% |       16017      4.06%     85.32% |       13691      3.47%     88.79% |       10442      2.65%     91.44% |       14177      3.60%     95.04% |       19556      4.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       394173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     11.69%     11.69% |          12     15.58%     27.27% |          11     14.29%     41.56% |          14     18.18%     59.74% |          12     15.58%     75.32% |          10     12.99%     88.31% |           9     11.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1104     11.49%     11.49% |        4428     46.07%     57.55% |        2499     26.00%     83.55% |         551      5.73%     89.28% |         290      3.02%     92.30% |         249      2.59%     94.89% |         286      2.98%     97.87% |         205      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         9612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         160      7.23%      7.23% |        1654     74.71%     81.93% |         193      8.72%     90.65% |          69      3.12%     93.77% |          25      1.13%     94.90% |          39      1.76%     96.66% |          44      1.99%     98.64% |          30      1.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         2214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |        1174     17.19%     17.19% |        2389     34.98%     52.17% |        1163     17.03%     69.19% |         471      6.90%     76.09% |         434      6.35%     82.45% |         351      5.14%     87.58% |         462      6.76%     94.35% |         386      5.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total         6830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |    22706121     82.20%     82.20% |      933117      3.38%     85.58% |     3522761     12.75%     98.33% |       22690      0.08%     98.41% |       45663      0.17%     98.58% |       16224      0.06%     98.64% |       24366      0.09%     98.72% |      352665      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     27623607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       88260     40.29%     40.29% |       19405      8.86%     49.14% |      100675     45.95%     95.10% |         922      0.42%     95.52% |        1578      0.72%     96.24% |         893      0.41%     96.65% |        1166      0.53%     97.18% |        6184      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total       219083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         950     93.14%     93.14% |          22      2.16%     95.29% |          10      0.98%     96.27% |           1      0.10%     96.37% |           8      0.78%     97.16% |           3      0.29%     97.45% |          17      1.67%     99.12% |           9      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         1020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |      151778     25.41%     25.41% |      265993     44.53%     69.94% |       78705     13.18%     83.12% |       51570      8.63%     91.75% |       11286      1.89%     93.64% |        8358      1.40%     95.04% |       12829      2.15%     97.19% |       16791      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       597310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |          13      9.09%      9.09% |          48     33.57%     42.66% |          11      7.69%     50.35% |          18     12.59%     62.94% |           3      2.10%     65.03% |          12      8.39%     73.43% |           7      4.90%     78.32% |          31     21.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       45072     13.78%     13.78% |       37103     11.34%     25.12% |       34692     10.61%     35.73% |       33332     10.19%     45.92% |       35627     10.89%     56.82% |       32152      9.83%     66.65% |       32727     10.01%     76.65% |       76361     23.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       327066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        9251     12.97%     12.97% |       12088     16.95%     29.92% |       10487     14.71%     44.63% |        6868      9.63%     54.26% |        6430      9.02%     63.28% |        6437      9.03%     72.30% |        6621      9.28%     81.59% |       13129     18.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        71311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |        1111     19.33%     19.33% |        2307     40.14%     59.47% |        1051     18.29%     77.76% |         271      4.72%     82.48% |         266      4.63%     87.11% |         193      3.36%     90.46% |         302      5.25%     95.72% |         246      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total         5747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7250     38.14%     38.14% |        8432     44.36%     82.50% |        1565      8.23%     90.74% |          80      0.42%     91.16% |         147      0.77%     91.93% |         317      1.67%     93.60% |         357      1.88%     95.48% |         860      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        19008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       80284     40.79%     40.79% |       10603      5.39%     46.17% |       98672     50.13%     96.30% |         673      0.34%     96.64% |        1165      0.59%     97.23% |         276      0.14%     97.37% |         449      0.23%     97.60% |        4719      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       196841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         950     93.14%     93.14% |          22      2.16%     95.29% |          10      0.98%     96.27% |           1      0.10%     96.37% |           8      0.78%     97.16% |           3      0.29%     97.45% |          17      1.67%     99.12% |           9      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         1020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |        7770     19.40%     19.40% |       16142     40.31%     59.71% |        7210     18.00%     77.71% |        1827      4.56%     82.28% |        1869      4.67%     86.94% |        1309      3.27%     90.21% |        2079      5.19%     95.40% |        1841      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total        40047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1110     19.40%     19.40% |        2306     40.31%     59.71% |        1030     18.00%     77.71% |         261      4.56%     82.28% |         267      4.67%     86.94% |         187      3.27%     90.21% |         297      5.19%     95.40% |         263      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           4     13.33%     43.33% |           3     10.00%     53.33% |           7     23.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           5     29.41%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           6     35.29%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           8     10.67%     10.67% |          23     30.67%     41.33% |          22     29.33%     70.67% |          10     13.33%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           6      8.00%     92.00% |           5      6.67%     98.67% |           1      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       80284     40.79%     40.79% |       10603      5.39%     46.17% |       98672     50.13%     96.30% |         673      0.34%     96.64% |        1165      0.59%     97.23% |         276      0.14%     97.37% |         449      0.23%     97.60% |        4719      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       196841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        7243     38.20%     38.20% |        8410     44.36%     82.56% |        1564      8.25%     90.81% |          80      0.42%     91.23% |         146      0.77%     92.00% |         317      1.67%     93.68% |         357      1.88%     95.56% |         842      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        18959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           7     14.29%     14.29% |          22     44.90%     59.18% |           1      2.04%     61.22% |           0      0.00%     61.22% |           1      2.04%     63.27% |           0      0.00%     63.27% |           0      0.00%     63.27% |          18     36.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       87534     40.55%     40.55% |       19035      8.82%     49.37% |      100237     46.44%     95.81% |         753      0.35%     96.16% |        1312      0.61%     96.77% |         593      0.27%     97.04% |         806      0.37%     97.42% |        5579      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       215849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      560422      9.88%      9.88% |      684833     12.08%     21.96% |      701265     12.37%     34.33% |      744865     13.14%     47.46% |      745498     13.15%     60.61% |      747391     13.18%     73.79% |      741301     13.07%     86.86% |      745154     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5670729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      319259      6.43%      6.43% |      585644     11.80%     18.24% |      627748     12.65%     30.89% |      678460     13.67%     44.56% |      690226     13.91%     58.47% |      689857     13.90%     72.37% |      683143     13.77%     86.13% |      688066     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      4962403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5561076      7.30%      7.30% |    17563718     23.06%     30.36% |    12479478     16.39%     46.75% |     8257490     10.84%     57.59% |     8142965     10.69%     68.29% |     7255071      9.53%     77.81% |     9252495     12.15%     89.96% |     7645705     10.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     76157998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       91706     13.10%     13.10% |      218960     31.28%     44.38% |      135474     19.35%     63.74% |       62961      8.99%     72.73% |       42461      6.07%     78.80% |       37237      5.32%     84.12% |       65771      9.40%     93.51% |       45397      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       699967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         387     45.58%     45.58% |          86     10.13%     55.71% |         130     15.31%     71.02% |           6      0.71%     71.73% |          13      1.53%     73.26% |          38      4.48%     77.74% |         145     17.08%     94.82% |          44      5.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total          849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      332315     11.46%     11.46% |      471975     16.27%     27.73% |      463977     16.00%     43.73% |      298551     10.29%     54.02% |      334533     11.53%     65.56% |      310120     10.69%     76.25% |      390183     13.45%     89.71% |      298552     10.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2900206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |      111805     10.49%     10.49% |      125305     11.75%     22.24% |      130250     12.22%     34.45% |      135941     12.75%     47.20% |      141957     13.31%     60.51% |      146745     13.76%     74.28% |      158412     14.86%     89.13% |      115893     10.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total      1066308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |       35744     11.11%     11.11% |       43547     13.53%     24.64% |       41953     13.04%     37.68% |       41287     12.83%     50.51% |       41391     12.86%     63.37% |       41408     12.87%     76.23% |       41817     12.99%     89.23% |       34662     10.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total       321809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       12497     25.16%     25.16% |       11058     22.26%     47.43% |        5585     11.24%     58.67% |        4074      8.20%     66.87% |        4121      8.30%     75.17% |        3960      7.97%     83.14% |        4361      8.78%     91.92% |        4011      8.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        49667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14191     24.99%     24.99% |        9878     17.39%     42.38% |        5676      9.99%     52.37% |        2037      3.59%     55.96% |        2910      5.12%     61.08% |        2241      3.95%     65.03% |       13459     23.70%     88.73% |        6401     11.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        56793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       73028     12.27%     12.27% |      203032     34.12%     46.40% |      124686     20.96%     67.35% |       56954      9.57%     76.93% |       33864      5.69%     82.62% |       27977      4.70%     87.32% |       43270      7.27%     94.59% |       32177      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       594988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       46680     28.89%     28.89% |       29336     18.16%     47.05% |       16638     10.30%     57.34% |        9279      5.74%     63.09% |       13246      8.20%     71.29% |       15388      9.52%     80.81% |       16026      9.92%     90.73% |       14982      9.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       161575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |       13102     26.16%     26.16% |       11064     22.09%     48.25% |        5554     11.09%     59.34% |        4020      8.03%     67.36% |        4092      8.17%     75.53% |        3940      7.87%     83.40% |        4341      8.67%     92.07% |        3974      7.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        50087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS |           2      4.76%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |          11     26.19%     33.33% |           7     16.67%     50.00% |           7     16.67%     66.67% |           8     19.05%     85.71% |           4      9.52%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           5      1.31%      1.31% |          36      9.40%     10.70% |          46     12.01%     22.72% |          63     16.45%     39.16% |          54     14.10%     53.26% |          61     15.93%     69.19% |          47     12.27%     81.46% |          71     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       73028     12.27%     12.27% |      203032     34.12%     46.40% |      124686     20.96%     67.35% |       56954      9.57%     76.93% |       33864      5.69%     82.62% |       27977      4.70%     87.32% |       43270      7.27%     94.59% |       32177      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       594988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       13581     24.26%     24.26% |        9836     17.57%     41.82% |        5661     10.11%     51.93% |        2028      3.62%     55.56% |        2885      5.15%     60.71% |        2200      3.93%     64.64% |       13432     23.99%     88.63% |        6367     11.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        55990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         610     75.97%     75.97% |          42      5.23%     81.20% |          15      1.87%     83.06% |           9      1.12%     84.18% |          25      3.11%     87.30% |          41      5.11%     92.40% |          27      3.36%     95.77% |          34      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |      117522     13.78%     13.78% |      129455     15.18%     28.96% |      101298     11.88%     40.84% |       88324     10.36%     51.20% |       98917     11.60%     62.80% |       99362     11.65%     74.45% |      114040     13.37%     87.82% |      103880     12.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       852798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       53411     12.65%     12.65% |       61056     14.46%     27.10% |       52488     12.43%     39.53% |       49608     11.75%     51.27% |       51616     12.22%     63.49% |       52754     12.49%     75.98% |       55443     13.13%     89.11% |       45998     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       422374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        2847      6.90%      6.90% |        5580     13.53%     20.43% |        4806     11.65%     32.08% |        4302     10.43%     42.50% |        5831     14.13%     56.64% |        5570     13.50%     70.14% |        6856     16.62%     86.76% |        5463     13.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total        41255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1106     42.41%     42.41% |         702     26.92%     69.33% |         109      4.18%     73.50% |          69      2.65%     76.15% |         166      6.37%     82.52% |         101      3.87%     86.39% |         223      8.55%     94.94% |         132      5.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |       36870     10.36%     10.36% |       42477     11.93%     22.29% |       47598     13.37%     35.67% |       45605     12.81%     48.48% |       50719     14.25%     62.73% |       57035     16.02%     78.75% |       44850     12.60%     91.35% |       30778      8.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total       355932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           7     14.58%     14.58% |           4      8.33%     22.92% |           1      2.08%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      2.08%     27.08% |           2      4.17%     31.25% |          27     56.25%     87.50% |           6     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       87219     13.38%     13.38% |      212910     32.67%     46.05% |      130362     20.00%     66.05% |       58991      9.05%     75.10% |       36774      5.64%     80.74% |       30218      4.64%     85.38% |       56729      8.70%     94.08% |       38578      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       651781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |      141033     13.23%     13.23% |      146338     13.72%     26.95% |      140022     13.13%     40.08% |      133784     12.55%     52.63% |      131569     12.34%     64.96% |      131008     12.29%     77.25% |      122454     11.48%     88.73% |      120140     11.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total      1066348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       52771     12.55%     12.55% |       60984     14.51%     27.06% |       52283     12.44%     39.50% |       49573     11.79%     51.29% |       51365     12.22%     63.51% |       52489     12.49%     76.00% |       55173     13.12%     89.12% |       45737     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       420375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    20851359     66.11%     66.11% |     3220741     10.21%     76.32% |     2438323      7.73%     84.05% |     1091487      3.46%     87.51% |      969970      3.08%     90.58% |      851649      2.70%     93.28% |     1152850      3.65%     96.94% |      965948      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     31542327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1085173     87.64%     87.64% |       50858      4.11%     91.75% |       40495      3.27%     95.02% |        7027      0.57%     95.59% |       12781      1.03%     96.62% |        5613      0.45%     97.08% |       23312      1.88%     98.96% |       12903      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1238162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      295158     31.33%     31.33% |      214128     22.73%     54.06% |      230177     24.44%     78.50% |       57645      6.12%     84.62% |       35211      3.74%     88.36% |       28291      3.00%     91.36% |       44139      4.69%     96.05% |       37246      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       941995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      484737     98.60%     98.60% |         646      0.13%     98.73% |        5680      1.16%     99.88% |           8      0.00%     99.89% |          21      0.00%     99.89% |           9      0.00%     99.89% |         502      0.10%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       491632                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5344    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5344                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           10                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.100000                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.475411                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.965338                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           8     80.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           10                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        46637                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       46637    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        46637                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1611                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.433892                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.371376                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           6      0.37%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |        1602     99.44%     99.81% |           3      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1611                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          745                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          745                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47382                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |       47382    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        47382                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples        49003                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.157154                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.399230                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |       47388     96.70%     96.70% |           0      0.00%     96.70% |        1605      3.28%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total         49003                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.980876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.399466                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |           6      0.37%      0.37% |           0      0.00%      0.37% |        1605     99.01%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           1      0.06%     99.44% |           8      0.49%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1621                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1360                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1360    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1360                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           97                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.268041                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.198833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.373971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          91     93.81%     93.81% |           5      5.15%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           97                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           40                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           40                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1400                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        1400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1400                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.285237                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.705490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        1400     93.52%     93.52% |           0      0.00%     93.52% |           0      0.00%     93.52% |           0      0.00%     93.52% |          91      6.08%     99.60% |           5      0.33%     99.93% |           1      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         1497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           97                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.268041                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.198833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.373971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          91     93.81%     93.81% |           5      5.15%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           97                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        1497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1497                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |        1497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         1497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           96                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1621    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.812500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.620924                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.970202                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     68.75%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           12                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           12                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1633                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        1633    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1633                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1650                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.415152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.325354                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |        1633     98.97%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |          16      0.97%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         1650                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           17                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    40.294118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.756934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.860874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     94.12%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           17                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          277                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.638989                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.460387                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.944016                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      0.36%      0.36% |         266     96.03%     96.39% |           5      1.81%     98.19% |           2      0.72%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           0      0.00%     98.92% |           1      0.36%     99.28% |           2      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          277                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44590                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       44590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        44590                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          635                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.382677                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.286908                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.744656                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         555     87.40%     87.40% |          76     11.97%     99.37% |           4      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          635                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1803                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1803    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1803                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        46393                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |       46393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        46393                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples        47305                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.093542                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.838768                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |       47029     99.42%     99.42% |         266      0.56%     99.98% |           5      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total         47305                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          912                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.721491                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.632711                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.216673                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |         636     69.74%     69.74% |         266     29.17%     98.90% |           5      0.55%     99.45% |           2      0.22%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           1      0.11%     99.78% |           2      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          912                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time        68136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.010946                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4011.504488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time        34569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_stall_time         8016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       373383                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |      373383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       373383                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        47042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       141347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       139485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         1862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         3953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         2074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         1879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            63                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.241948                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   526.685691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2081                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.021665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.015467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10006.468055                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.026201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1680.137766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.043330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         9519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     5.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.043330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_stall_time        11523                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.043330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs            2                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_stall_time        11523                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses          187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits          176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses           11                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses          479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits          471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            8                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses           19                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses            7                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.004327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000908                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.138860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           12                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.043273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_stall_time  9766.244303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1056.661792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.043330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs            6                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_stall_time         9519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        35275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits        33122                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses        88812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits        87451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         1361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses         3514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         2168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         1346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002951                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4013.037159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles            20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.168690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   526.330440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2169                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.027821                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.011028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11005.823929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.026605                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  4498.027142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.017242                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        18448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits        17463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses          985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses        45551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits        44928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses         1608                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         1082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses          526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4019.299181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.086621                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   513.520574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1082                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.037302                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10548.487980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.013103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1855.971405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006098                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples         377141                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.429460                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.336005                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |      376720     99.89%     99.89% |         402      0.11%     99.99% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total           377141                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3758                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.099255                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.916805                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        3337     88.80%     88.80% |         402     10.70%     99.49% |          10      0.27%     99.76% |           2      0.05%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           2      0.05%     99.87% |           5      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3758                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.003132                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2006.853001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.002167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.003131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.004327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  6012.610407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.001723                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2006.363519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.002782                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  6012.149275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.001724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2004.275985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.003730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  2004.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         4008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.003129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.015467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  9004.464584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time         8517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time        10521                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_stall_time        10521                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.004327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time  8764.239674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  3006.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time         8517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.002951                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3011.037159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.011024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time 10003.829715                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3017.299181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.004274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  9546.483351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time        67134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  3009.504488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time        33567                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time         7014                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time         2505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control       450240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        90336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       550640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data       809352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control        90192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control        51384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       173232                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control        56280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        11292                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        68830                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        11241                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        11274                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control         6423                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         2406                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        15000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       106216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       143424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        48744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1879                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4        13277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          677                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized   556.469842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.003129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.015467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  9505.466320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.003174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1505.853001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.002167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.003131                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization   657.635760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        15000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        92176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       134712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        11522                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1871                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization   455.303924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         8712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        48744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1879                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          121                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          677                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        28320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        15264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3540                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized   244.249665                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         9018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization   285.079674                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization   203.419655                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        28320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        15264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3540                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3471                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4          281                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized   206.185602                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time        11022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization   237.313288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization   175.057916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3471                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          281                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3473                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized   143.429166                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time        11022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization   160.424630                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization   126.433701                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3473                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        29960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        24640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        51552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3745                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4          716                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized   135.726915                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  9265.241989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.004343                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.610407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization   150.273586                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        29960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3745                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization   121.180244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        24296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        51120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3037                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          710                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        28032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized   134.003373                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time         9018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization   148.906117                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization   119.100630                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        28032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        19272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        79400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       146304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         2409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9925                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1347                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized   140.841154                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.002951                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3512.037159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.011027                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10504.827979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.001740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1505.363519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.002786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.149275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.001724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization   159.911007                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        19272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        65616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        96912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         2409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8202                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization   121.771301                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        49392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          686                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1347                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        25816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        44952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        94464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5619                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized   149.486347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.003733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3518.299181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.004274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10047.485666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000613                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.275985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.003730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization   152.348581                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        25816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3177                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization   146.624114                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        30384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4          422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized   448.816153                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time        67635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3510.504488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time        34068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time         7515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.005477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1503.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization   471.183881                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization   426.448425                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        30384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     2.786330                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     3.050100                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     2.522560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       210112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       183528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       269784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        26264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::4        22941                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized   220.556987                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.003129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.054818                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  8503.462853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time         8016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time        10020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time        10020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.004327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000185                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  8263.237360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.004333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2505.115717                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time         8016                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.003007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2510.037159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.040417                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  9502.830872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.003776                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2516.299181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.014803                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  9045.481037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time        66633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.005477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  2508.504488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time        33066                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.005473                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_stall_time         6513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization   657.635991                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        15000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        92184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       134712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        11523                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1871                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization   285.079674                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization   237.313288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization   160.424630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization   150.273586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        29960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3745                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization   148.906117                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        30016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization   159.911007                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        19272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        65584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        96912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         2409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          146                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization   152.348581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        25816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         3227                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3177                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization   471.183881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        30064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        57744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          981                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          802                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     3.050100                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples       377141                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000064                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000044                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.007977                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      377117     99.99%     99.99% |          24      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total       377141                      
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1001                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pc.fake_com_4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions           3741                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1864                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2424319080.003756                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1938258588.920718                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1864    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       560118                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001271116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1864                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 413755833206                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4518930765127                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions           2654                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1319                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3418811330.607278                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1375631454.137034                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1319    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001287148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1319                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 423274453262                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4509412145071                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions           4503                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2023360649.913624                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1986510444.894981                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2246    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2246                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 388218578627                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4544468019706                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions           2893                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3146513905.260930                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1612700836.529370                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1441    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001270114                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 398560060852                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4534126537481                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions           4343                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2103278745.904388                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1952794585.357043                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2165    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       189428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001268110                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2165                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 379088113450                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4553598484883                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions           2913                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1447                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3148353900.087768                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1605863068.767375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1447    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672341                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1447                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 377018504906                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4555668093427                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions          15664                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         7824                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 579689115.860941                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1377370043.703307                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         7824    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       156813                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value   3991744554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         7824                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 397198955837                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4535487642496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions           6701                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         3342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 1364103122.372232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1865825508.316189                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         3342    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       298095                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001476526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         3342                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 373853963365                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4558832634968                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1503                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        51328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           51328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                802                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     62256392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              62256392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    118316651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            118316651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    180573043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            180573043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples      1223.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000291835942                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                1704                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                781                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         422                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        802                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       422                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      802                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      2949431                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    2105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                10843181                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7005.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25755.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     288                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                35.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   422                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  802                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.966887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.615816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.920459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          399     66.06%     66.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          145     24.01%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26      4.30%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      0.99%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      1.16%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.83%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.17%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.83%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      1.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean       9.860465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     28.123521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              38     88.37%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.868314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      2.690371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1      2.33%      2.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               23     53.49%     55.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11     25.58%     81.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      9.30%     90.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      6.98%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                1      2.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  26944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   52288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   27008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                51328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        62.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       120.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     62.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    118.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     433750269                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     354371.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        26944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        52288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 62108865.306114621460                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 120529555.712816253304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          422                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          802                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     10843181                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  12107023095                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     25694.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  15096038.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy              2184840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy              1149885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy             1834980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy            2275920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     34419840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy         90362670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy         90662880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy          222891015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        513.788154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    234572387                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF     14560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    185132909                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy              2177700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy              1142295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy             1213800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy            1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     34419840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy         94214160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy         88119360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy          223275975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        514.675529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    228039091                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF     14560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    193488342                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                    2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                   2                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                   8                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.respLayer11.occupancy               1600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer11.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer15.occupancy               7482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer15.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer17.occupancy               1600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer17.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4932686598333                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                7237                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy                7529                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy                5005                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                7096                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                4851                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick
final_tick                               4994808184515                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                2183214                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1877944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  5315989                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   134.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459704612                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   293125235                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     713742020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.061721                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61721453514                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.Branches                            41294                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.Criticality                       1687752                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     210996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       391684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                      54786                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                           27                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38298                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.992164                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     283280                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.007836                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       123692991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              969235.243418                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              210140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             137342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        28394                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    26                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           26                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 20                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       9508                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              122723755.756582                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               386122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      386122                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             789397                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            309735                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      54769                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        93071                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     38302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 2549      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   295043     75.32%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     844      0.22%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      216      0.06%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       4      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       6      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      6      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   54721     13.97%     90.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  38302      9.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  6      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    391697                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.Branches                           525421                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Criticality                      18499648                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2312488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      4458737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                     505145                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                     276332                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.933163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                    3210455                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           44                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.066837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       123477946                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8252903.942040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             2952425                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1535549                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       418524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 54130                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        54130                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               77185                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              42215                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      43528                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              115225042.057960                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              4392198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     4392198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            8491981                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           3645249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     505097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       781404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    276307                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                27472      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  3588348     80.48%     81.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1638      0.04%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    26258      0.59%     81.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3106      0.07%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                  2850      0.06%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                    5180      0.12%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                    4142      0.09%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                  12692      0.28%     82.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  5700      0.13%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  496512     11.14%     93.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 271384      6.09%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead               8545      0.19%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite              4923      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   4458750                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.Branches                          7382059                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.Criticality                     257800408                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   32225098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     62248003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    6909576                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                          107                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    3757042                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          146                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.086819                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   44825439                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          142                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.913181                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       123196514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              112500738.920333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            41822208                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21449173                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      5939395                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                815886                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       815886                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1166008                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             636033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     539686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              10695775.079667                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             61302892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    61302892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          118205614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          50996507                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6909494                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10666508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3757014                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               387381      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 50261278     80.74%     81.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10366      0.02%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   414175      0.67%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  46086      0.07%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                 43089      0.07%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                      42      0.00%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   77143      0.12%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   62858      0.10%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 192965      0.31%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                 86195      0.14%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  1      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  2      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 1      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6781226     10.89%     93.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3683067      5.92%     99.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             128258      0.21%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             73947      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  62248080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.Branches                            24187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.Criticality                        965752                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     120756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       234397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                      35153                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                      20866                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995180                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                     161188                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           36                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004820                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       123676554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              596158.912036                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads              121889                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes              77342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        14808                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    38                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           38                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       6911                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              123080395.087964                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               230658                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      230658                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             469618                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            187320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      35314                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        56207                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     20893                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 1267      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   176223     75.18%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     589      0.25%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                      136      0.06%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      1      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       2      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       4      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       8      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                     13      0.01%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   35265     15.04%     91.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  20893      8.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  7      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    234408                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.Branches                            24314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.Criticality                       1026952                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     128388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       236104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                      35999                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                      19282                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            6                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.995557                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                     171973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.004443                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.numCycles                       124004180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              550943.294869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads              128552                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes              81391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts        16524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       5671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              123453236.705131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               233546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      233546                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             477923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            191596                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      35952                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                        55188                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     19236                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                  934      0.40%      0.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   179087     75.85%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     803      0.34%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                      136      0.06%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   35912     15.21%     91.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  19236      8.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    236108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.Branches                            24927                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.Criticality                       1041200                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu5.committedInsts                     130169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                       242259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                      36541                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            7                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                      20183                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.995550                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                     174354                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.004450                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.numCycles                       124424045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              553682.431943                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              131294                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              83777                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        16565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       6060                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              123870362.568057                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               239444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      239444                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             487697                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            196139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      36499                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        56653                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     20154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                 1055      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   183602     75.79%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     822      0.34%     76.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                      171      0.07%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   36459     15.05%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  20154      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                    242263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.Branches                            27662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.Criticality                       1123200                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu6.committedInsts                     140419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                       262527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                      40267                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            6                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                      20438                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            3                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.995002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                     187653                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            5                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.004998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.numCycles                       122790412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              613736.168076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              139411                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              88490                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts        18498                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       6759                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              122176675.831924                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               259305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      259305                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             529080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes            212955                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      40345                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        60795                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     20450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                 1006      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                   199766     76.09%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     828      0.32%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                      172      0.07%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   40307     15.35%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  20450      7.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                    262529                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.Branches                            30758                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.Criticality                       1248072                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu7.committedInsts                     156037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                       290237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                      44229                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            7                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                      23064                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.994643                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                     208913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                           25                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.005357                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.numCycles                       123232862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              660170.580085                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              157646                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              98905                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts        21026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       7095                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              122572691.419915                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses               286618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                      286618                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads             585402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes            235192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      44177                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        67210                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     23033                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                 1539      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                   220457     75.96%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     882      0.30%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                      193      0.07%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   44135     15.21%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  23033      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                    290239                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes      1118208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages          273                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs          273                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total           1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        60016                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    71.931959                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    67.111469                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.038549                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        9069     89.43%     89.43% |         913      9.00%     98.43% |          10      0.10%     98.53% |          17      0.17%     98.70% |           7      0.07%     98.77% |           6      0.06%     98.83% |           2      0.02%     98.85% |          35      0.35%     99.19% |          45      0.44%     99.64% |          37      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean           24                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10141    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.005917                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.002459                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.421283                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10139     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.003156                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.224685                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       10139     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.941031                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.753942                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.031172                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9927     97.89%     97.89% |          74      0.73%     98.62% |          20      0.20%     98.82% |          16      0.16%     98.97% |          81      0.80%     99.77% |          23      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack           484575      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks         6897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        61423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ         1413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data             226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE        53378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS        187307      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX        412286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data         6624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          837881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          681500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       538674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       602884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ          217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE         6412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS       304297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX       179757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT        493722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS         6897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX         8766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM      1069068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS       409340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS         3137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX          371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM         6719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS          178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks         6897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS          529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX         1159      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS        10034      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data       599606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETS         1387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX          831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM         1104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS         7662      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack         1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack         9408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack       473490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data         6412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_READ            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS       332134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX        78276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT          1149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS          2083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX            13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS         2083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data         2083      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT           494871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS             2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM      1076891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS       429297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean         1079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       477181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack       478588      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean         1079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       477181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.750983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.022490                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.370758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      0.13%      0.13% |         717     93.97%     94.10% |          32      4.19%     98.30% |           3      0.39%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           1      0.13%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           0      0.00%     98.82% |           4      0.52%     99.34% |           5      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     49151933                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    49151933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     49151933                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.145963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.463079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           4      0.41%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |         797     82.51%     82.92% |         165     17.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        69304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       69304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        69304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     49221237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    49221237    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     49221237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     49222966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.002387                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.508811                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    49222204    100.00%    100.00% |         717      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     49222966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.951417                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.485017                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         967     55.93%     55.93% |         717     41.47%     97.40% |          32      1.85%     99.25% |           3      0.17%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           1      0.06%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           4      0.23%     99.71% |           5      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     60956624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    60956624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     60956624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        10034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.725193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.904065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        7633     52.74%     52.74% |        5705     39.42%     92.16% |         294      2.03%     94.20% |           3      0.02%     94.22% |         836      5.78%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.056981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       14471     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.161415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.054028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     4.467784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |       14461     99.92%     99.92% |           8      0.06%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.017275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.004653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.397254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       14438     99.77%     99.77% |           5      0.03%     99.80% |           7      0.05%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |          22      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        14472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.748848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.424344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       14517     99.86%     99.86% |          16      0.11%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     4192928     49.32%     49.32% |     1356061     15.95%     65.27% |     1057073     12.43%     77.70% |      420691      4.95%     82.65% |      342946      4.03%     86.68% |      333072      3.92%     90.60% |      426972      5.02%     95.62% |      372443      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8502186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       54369     12.66%     12.66% |       61976     14.44%     27.10% |       53761     12.52%     39.62% |       50601     11.79%     51.41% |       52363     12.20%     63.61% |       53452     12.45%     76.06% |       56146     13.08%     89.14% |       46629     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       429297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |      584551     54.28%     54.28% |      186003     17.27%     71.55% |      143849     13.36%     84.91% |       41264      3.83%     88.74% |       27080      2.51%     91.26% |       24205      2.25%     93.51% |       34591      3.21%     96.72% |       35349      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1076892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1388960     61.25%     61.25% |      272884     12.03%     73.28% |      329199     14.52%     87.80% |       66703      2.94%     90.74% |       49877      2.20%     92.94% |       36518      1.61%     94.55% |       70106      3.09%     97.64% |       53439      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2267686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       18582     24.90%     24.90% |       13787     18.48%     43.38% |        8379     11.23%     54.61% |        6522      8.74%     63.35% |        6770      9.07%     72.43% |        6649      8.91%     81.34% |        7118      9.54%     90.88% |        6807      9.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        74614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      565511     56.63%     56.63% |      169980     17.02%     73.65% |      134639     13.48%     87.13% |       34513      3.46%     90.59% |       20308      2.03%     92.62% |       17645      1.77%     94.39% |       27457      2.75%     97.14% |       28550      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       998603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       12019     24.82%     24.82% |        5607     11.58%     36.40% |        5508     11.37%     47.78% |        3763      7.77%     55.55% |        4963     10.25%     65.80% |        4604      9.51%     75.30% |        6106     12.61%     87.91% |        5852     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        48422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      242016     30.73%     30.73% |      123862     15.73%     46.46% |      111557     14.17%     60.63% |       63292      8.04%     68.67% |       61477      7.81%     76.48% |       59671      7.58%     84.05% |       64620      8.21%     92.26% |       60940      7.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       787435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      355760      8.74%      8.74% |      438867     10.78%     19.51% |      496791     12.20%     31.71% |      569473     13.98%     45.70% |      562723     13.82%     59.52% |      565037     13.88%     73.39% |      543452     13.35%     86.74% |      540039     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4072142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      284667      6.21%      6.21% |      482160     10.52%     16.73% |      529872     11.56%     28.29% |      641725     14.00%     42.28% |      665044     14.51%     56.79% |      663534     14.47%     71.26% |      655684     14.30%     85.57% |      661684     14.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      4584370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      370457     60.41%     60.41% |      104982     17.12%     77.54% |       73717     12.02%     89.56% |       20371      3.32%     92.88% |        8512      1.39%     94.27% |        9121      1.49%     95.76% |       15231      2.48%     98.24% |       10797      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       613188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     2493372     73.21%     73.21% |      359847     10.57%     83.78% |      261584      7.68%     91.46% |       90497      2.66%     94.12% |       37510      1.10%     95.22% |       36376      1.07%     96.28% |       79973      2.35%     98.63% |       46557      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3405716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        4626     21.41%     21.41% |        2554     11.82%     33.23% |        2450     11.34%     44.58% |        2385     11.04%     55.61% |        2335     10.81%     66.42% |        2366     10.95%     77.37% |        2406     11.14%     88.51% |        2482     11.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        21604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      365845     61.79%     61.79% |      102487     17.31%     79.10% |       71335     12.05%     91.15% |       18059      3.05%     94.20% |        6231      1.05%     95.26% |        6822      1.15%     96.41% |       12877      2.18%     98.58% |        8387      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       592043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX |          31      2.45%      2.45% |         111      8.79%     11.24% |         138     10.93%     22.17% |         177     14.01%     36.18% |         183     14.49%     50.67% |         168     13.30%     63.97% |         180     14.25%     78.23% |         275     21.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX::total         1263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     1290213     52.76%     52.76% |      255205     10.44%     63.19% |      266504     10.90%     74.09% |      122559      5.01%     79.10% |      123766      5.06%     84.16% |      123175      5.04%     89.20% |      151797      6.21%     95.41% |      112310      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2445529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         659     31.64%     31.64% |          73      3.50%     35.14% |         211     10.13%     45.27% |          40      1.92%     47.19% |         266     12.77%     59.96% |         276     13.25%     73.21% |         286     13.73%     86.94% |         272     13.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      199666     49.11%     49.11% |       67493     16.60%     65.71% |       63304     15.57%     81.28% |       16454      4.05%     85.33% |       14077      3.46%     88.79% |       10823      2.66%     91.45% |       14580      3.59%     95.04% |       20163      4.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       406560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |          23      2.13%      2.13% |          72      6.67%      8.80% |         128     11.86%     20.67% |         141     13.07%     33.73% |         206     19.09%     52.83% |         180     16.68%     69.51% |         176     16.31%     85.82% |         153     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total         1079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX |         413     26.59%     26.59% |          84      5.41%     32.00% |         145      9.34%     41.34% |         169     10.88%     52.22% |         230     14.81%     67.03% |         182     11.72%     78.75% |         218     14.04%     92.79% |         112      7.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX::total         1553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |      105546     14.66%     14.66% |      104960     14.58%     29.25% |       94094     13.07%     42.32% |       89656     12.46%     54.78% |       82018     11.40%     66.17% |       74874     10.40%     76.58% |       78369     10.89%     87.46% |       90228     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total       719745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       53710     12.57%     12.57% |       61903     14.49%     27.06% |       53550     12.53%     39.60% |       50561     11.84%     51.43% |       52097     12.19%     63.63% |       53176     12.45%     76.07% |       55860     13.08%     89.15% |       46357     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       427214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       48400     23.55%     23.55% |       42591     20.72%     44.27% |       24025     11.69%     55.96% |       21477     10.45%     66.41% |       16062      7.81%     74.22% |       15831      7.70%     81.92% |       18839      9.17%     91.09% |       18321      8.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total       205546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |       17923     24.71%     24.71% |       13714     18.91%     43.62% |        8168     11.26%     54.88% |        6482      8.94%     63.82% |        6504      8.97%     72.78% |        6373      8.79%     81.57% |        6832      9.42%     90.99% |        6535      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        72531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   264473302     67.58%     67.58% |    22914178      5.86%     73.44% |    61437242     15.70%     89.13% |     8578132      2.19%     91.33% |     8436447      2.16%     93.48% |     7522820      1.92%     95.40% |     9573050      2.45%     97.85% |     8410980      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    391346151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     1913930     63.71%     63.71% |      303953     10.12%     73.83% |      419269     13.96%     87.78% |       88972      2.96%     90.75% |       64038      2.13%     92.88% |       50369      1.68%     94.55% |       93081      3.10%     97.65% |       70528      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3004140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |      486600     98.08%     98.08% |        1008      0.20%     98.29% |        7625      1.54%     99.82% |          20      0.00%     99.83% |          38      0.01%     99.84% |          47      0.01%     99.85% |         683      0.14%     99.98% |          81      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       496102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    57780113     71.62%     71.62% |     4753248      5.89%     77.51% |     9958809     12.34%     89.86% |     1658038      2.06%     91.91% |     1615007      2.00%     93.91% |     1468026      1.82%     95.73% |     1831694      2.27%     98.00% |     1609909      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     80674844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   235337645     98.27%     98.27% |     3459815      1.44%     99.72% |      341353      0.14%     99.86% |       71197      0.03%     99.89% |       29960      0.01%     99.90% |       38749      0.02%     99.92% |       46210      0.02%     99.94% |      150775      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    239475704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |      221550     78.06%     78.06% |        9498      3.35%     81.41% |       29069     10.24%     91.65% |        3399      1.20%     92.85% |        9820      3.46%     96.31% |        1842      0.65%     96.96% |        4989      1.76%     98.71% |        3652      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       283819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       16194     93.26%     93.26% |          62      0.36%     93.62% |        1016      5.85%     99.47% |           5      0.03%     99.50% |           2      0.01%     99.51% |           3      0.02%     99.53% |          73      0.42%     99.95% |           9      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        17364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3531381     65.63%     65.63% |      788487     14.65%     80.28% |      304403      5.66%     85.94% |      140416      2.61%     88.55% |      157799      2.93%     91.48% |      138614      2.58%     94.05% |      156082      2.90%     96.96% |      163823      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5381005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          96     13.43%     13.43% |         147     20.56%     33.99% |          80     11.19%     45.17% |          77     10.77%     55.94% |          52      7.27%     63.22% |          78     10.91%     74.13% |         110     15.38%     89.51% |          75     10.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |       13803     16.23%     16.23% |       13291     15.63%     31.86% |       11671     13.72%     45.58% |        7631      8.97%     54.55% |        8605     10.12%     64.67% |        7084      8.33%     73.00% |        7545      8.87%     81.87% |       15419     18.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        85049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |        1568      7.75%      7.75% |        4509     22.29%     30.04% |       10466     51.74%     81.78% |        1668      8.25%     90.02% |         664      3.28%     93.31% |         577      2.85%     96.16% |         350      1.73%     97.89% |         427      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total        20229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      162904     62.21%     62.21% |       46077     17.60%     79.81% |       32653     12.47%     92.28% |        6245      2.38%     94.67% |        3393      1.30%     95.96% |        2510      0.96%     96.92% |        4922      1.88%     98.80% |        3142      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       261846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       55692     74.66%     74.66% |        4793      6.43%     81.08% |        3927      5.26%     86.35% |         679      0.91%     87.26% |        6142      8.23%     95.49% |         468      0.63%     96.12% |        2295      3.08%     99.19% |         602      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        74598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      141686     93.28%     93.28% |        2191      1.44%     94.73% |        7008      4.61%     99.34% |          17      0.01%     99.35% |         181      0.12%     99.47% |          37      0.02%     99.49% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       151888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     66.67%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          15     36.59%     36.59% |           0      0.00%     36.59% |          26     63.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      485164     98.27%     98.27% |         846      0.17%     98.44% |        7149      1.45%     99.89% |          10      0.00%     99.89% |          14      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.00%     99.89% |         511      0.10%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       493722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch |      194201     99.95%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.96% |          15      0.01%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch::total       194306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |     1505096     87.34%     87.34% |       49968      2.90%     90.24% |      101189      5.87%     96.11% |       19758      1.15%     97.26% |        8483      0.49%     97.75% |        7944      0.46%     98.21% |       18723      1.09%     99.30% |       12121      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1723282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      468970     98.45%     98.45% |         784      0.16%     98.61% |        6133      1.29%     99.90% |           5      0.00%     99.90% |          12      0.00%     99.90% |           3      0.00%     99.91% |         438      0.09%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       476358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    52496677     76.59%     76.59% |     3040884      4.44%     81.03% |     7704274     11.24%     92.27% |     1091650      1.59%     93.86% |     1033161      1.51%     95.37% |      940661      1.37%     96.74% |     1181904      1.72%     98.46% |     1052756      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     68541967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |        1078     17.95%     17.95% |        2191     36.49%     54.45% |        1087     18.10%     72.55% |         385      6.41%     78.96% |         377      6.28%     85.24% |         254      4.23%     89.47% |         349      5.81%     95.29% |         283      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total         6004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       46404     21.14%     21.14% |       83003     37.82%     58.96% |       36777     16.76%     75.72% |       12190      5.55%     81.28% |        9821      4.47%     85.75% |        9326      4.25%     90.00% |       11921      5.43%     95.43% |       10023      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total       219465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |       13152      7.93%      7.93% |       68570     41.32%     49.25% |       56275     33.91%     83.16% |       12787      7.71%     90.87% |        2641      1.59%     92.46% |        3801      2.29%     94.75% |        4642      2.80%     97.55% |        4072      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total       165940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    20275609     58.23%     58.23% |     3269648      9.39%     67.62% |     6259651     17.98%     85.59% |     1077914      3.10%     88.69% |      970747      2.79%     91.48% |      853984      2.45%     93.93% |     1145050      3.29%     97.22% |      968291      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     34820894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1009773     91.96%     91.96% |       28261      2.57%     94.54% |       36106      3.29%     97.83% |        4515      0.41%     98.24% |        3798      0.35%     98.58% |        2793      0.25%     98.84% |        7432      0.68%     99.52% |        5325      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1098003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      936823     95.82%     95.82% |        8841      0.90%     96.72% |       19589      2.00%     98.72% |        2724      0.28%     99.00% |        1974      0.20%     99.21% |        1844      0.19%     99.39% |        3573      0.37%     99.76% |        2354      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       977722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       72950     60.65%     60.65% |       19420     16.15%     76.80% |       16517     13.73%     90.53% |        1791      1.49%     92.02% |        1824      1.52%     93.53% |         949      0.79%     94.32% |        3859      3.21%     97.53% |        2971      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       120281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1009979     91.97%     91.97% |       28262      2.57%     94.54% |       36107      3.29%     97.83% |        4516      0.41%     98.24% |        3799      0.35%     98.58% |        2794      0.25%     98.84% |        7433      0.68%     99.52% |        5326      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1098216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |       62533      9.90%      9.90% |      295650     46.80%     56.70% |      189490     30.00%     86.70% |       33850      5.36%     92.06% |       11819      1.87%     93.93% |       13723      2.17%     96.10% |       11919      1.89%     97.99% |       12714      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total       631698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      366009     61.59%     61.59% |      104143     17.52%     79.11% |       71534     12.04%     91.15% |       18131      3.05%     94.20% |        6256      1.05%     95.25% |        6862      1.15%     96.41% |       12923      2.17%     98.58% |        8418      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       594276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |          12      5.48%      5.48% |          46     21.00%     26.48% |          46     21.00%     47.49% |          34     15.53%     63.01% |          21      9.59%     72.60% |          22     10.05%     82.65% |          22     10.05%     92.69% |          16      7.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       13291     12.06%     12.06% |       64313     58.35%     70.41% |       18724     16.99%     87.40% |        3725      3.38%     90.78% |        2322      2.11%     92.89% |        3027      2.75%     95.64% |        2346      2.13%     97.77% |        2463      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       110211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |      141686     93.28%     93.28% |        2191      1.44%     94.73% |        7008      4.61%     99.34% |          17      0.01%     99.35% |         181      0.12%     99.47% |          37      0.02%     99.49% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       151888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |       54577     75.18%     75.18% |        4481      6.17%     81.35% |        3689      5.08%     86.43% |         624      0.86%     87.29% |        6085      8.38%     95.68% |         359      0.49%     96.17% |        2245      3.09%     99.26% |         535      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total        72595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1115     55.67%     55.67% |         312     15.58%     71.24% |         238     11.88%     83.13% |          55      2.75%     85.87% |          57      2.85%     88.72% |         109      5.44%     94.16% |          50      2.50%     96.66% |          67      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      197378     87.15%     87.15% |        6984      3.08%     90.23% |       10935      4.83%     95.06% |         696      0.31%     95.37% |        6323      2.79%     98.16% |         505      0.22%     98.38% |        2714      1.20%     99.58% |         951      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       226486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |      123946     16.69%     16.69% |      225427     30.36%     47.05% |      187553     25.26%     72.31% |       50810      6.84%     79.16% |       38113      5.13%     84.29% |       26236      3.53%     87.82% |       30420      4.10%     91.92% |       59988      8.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total       742493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      199502     49.34%     49.34% |       65837     16.28%     65.62% |       63105     15.61%     81.23% |       16382      4.05%     85.28% |       14052      3.48%     88.76% |       10783      2.67%     91.43% |       14534      3.59%     95.02% |       20132      4.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       404327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     11.69%     11.69% |          12     15.58%     27.27% |          11     14.29%     41.56% |          14     18.18%     59.74% |          12     15.58%     75.32% |          10     12.99%     88.31% |           9     11.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1151     11.59%     11.59% |        4458     44.89%     56.48% |        2653     26.71%     83.19% |         564      5.68%     88.87% |         306      3.08%     91.95% |         266      2.68%     94.63% |         299      3.01%     97.64% |         234      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         9931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         164      7.34%      7.34% |        1656     74.16%     81.50% |         199      8.91%     90.42% |          72      3.22%     93.64% |          25      1.12%     94.76% |          40      1.79%     96.55% |          46      2.06%     98.61% |          31      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         2233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |        1188     17.22%     17.22% |        2399     34.78%     52.01% |        1178     17.08%     69.09% |         484      7.02%     76.11% |         435      6.31%     82.41% |         351      5.09%     87.50% |         473      6.86%     94.36% |         389      5.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total         6897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |    22896660     82.14%     82.14% |      955497      3.43%     85.56% |     3535267     12.68%     98.25% |       26846      0.10%     98.34% |       51938      0.19%     98.53% |       16224      0.06%     98.59% |       24366      0.09%     98.67% |      369479      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     27876277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       90848     40.59%     40.59% |       19961      8.92%     49.50% |      101520     45.35%     94.86% |        1016      0.45%     95.31% |        1728      0.77%     96.08% |         923      0.41%     96.50% |        1247      0.56%     97.05% |        6595      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total       223838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        1015     88.34%     88.34% |          31      2.70%     91.04% |          61      5.31%     96.34% |           2      0.17%     96.52% |           9      0.78%     97.30% |           3      0.26%     97.56% |          19      1.65%     99.22% |           9      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         1149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |      155108     23.11%     23.11% |      267607     39.87%     62.98% |      145136     21.62%     84.60% |       52322      7.80%     92.40% |       11464      1.71%     94.11% |        8671      1.29%     95.40% |       13204      1.97%     97.37% |       17678      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       671190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |          14      9.46%      9.46% |          52     35.14%     44.59% |          11      7.43%     52.03% |          18     12.16%     64.19% |           3      2.03%     66.22% |          12      8.11%     74.32% |           7      4.73%     79.05% |          31     20.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       45736     13.77%     13.77% |       37725     11.36%     25.13% |       35243     10.61%     35.74% |       33769     10.17%     45.91% |       36059     10.86%     56.77% |       32883      9.90%     66.67% |       33236     10.01%     76.67% |       77469     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       332120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        9400     12.94%     12.94% |       12276     16.89%     29.83% |       10698     14.72%     44.55% |        6997      9.63%     54.18% |        6579      9.05%     63.23% |        6556      9.02%     72.25% |        6812      9.37%     81.63% |       13350     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        72668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |        1119     19.35%     19.35% |        2310     39.95%     59.30% |        1062     18.37%     77.67% |         279      4.83%     82.50% |         266      4.60%     87.10% |         193      3.34%     90.44% |         306      5.29%     95.73% |         247      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total         5782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7501     38.04%     38.04% |        8520     43.20%     81.24% |        1823      9.24%     90.48% |          91      0.46%     90.94% |         169      0.86%     91.80% |         331      1.68%     93.48% |         378      1.92%     95.40% |         908      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        19721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       82658     41.18%     41.18% |       11000      5.48%     46.66% |       99200     49.43%     96.09% |         739      0.37%     96.46% |        1352      0.67%     97.13% |         276      0.14%     97.27% |         449      0.22%     97.49% |        5034      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       200708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        1015     88.34%     88.34% |          31      2.70%     91.04% |          61      5.31%     96.34% |           2      0.17%     96.52% |           9      0.78%     97.30% |           3      0.26%     97.56% |          19      1.65%     99.22% |           9      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         1149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |        7819     19.40%     19.40% |       16163     40.10%     59.50% |        7294     18.10%     77.60% |        1883      4.67%     82.27% |        1876      4.65%     86.92% |        1309      3.25%     90.17% |        2114      5.24%     95.42% |        1848      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total        40306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1117     19.40%     19.40% |        2309     40.10%     59.50% |        1042     18.10%     77.60% |         269      4.67%     82.27% |         268      4.65%     86.92% |         187      3.25%     90.17% |         302      5.24%     95.42% |         264      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           4     13.33%     43.33% |           3     10.00%     53.33% |           7     23.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           5     29.41%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           6     35.29%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           9     11.84%     11.84% |          23     30.26%     42.11% |          22     28.95%     71.05% |          10     13.16%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           6      7.89%     92.11% |           5      6.58%     98.68% |           1      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       82658     41.18%     41.18% |       11000      5.48%     46.66% |       99200     49.43%     96.09% |         739      0.37%     96.46% |        1352      0.67%     97.13% |         276      0.14%     97.27% |         449      0.22%     97.49% |        5034      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       200708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        7494     38.10%     38.10% |        8498     43.21%     81.31% |        1821      9.26%     90.56% |          91      0.46%     91.03% |         167      0.85%     91.88% |         331      1.68%     93.56% |         377      1.92%     95.48% |         890      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        19669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           7     13.46%     13.46% |          22     42.31%     55.77% |           2      3.85%     59.62% |           0      0.00%     59.62% |           2      3.85%     63.46% |           0      0.00%     63.46% |           1      1.92%     65.38% |          18     34.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       90159     40.90%     40.90% |       19520      8.86%     49.76% |      101023     45.83%     95.59% |         830      0.38%     95.96% |        1521      0.69%     96.65% |         607      0.28%     96.93% |         827      0.38%     97.30% |        5942      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       220429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      575511      9.94%      9.94% |      700083     12.09%     22.02% |      711546     12.28%     34.31% |      760804     13.14%     47.44% |      761687     13.15%     60.59% |      763650     13.18%     73.78% |      757539     13.08%     86.86% |      761245     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5792065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      345463      6.68%      6.68% |      611838     11.83%     18.51% |      649803     12.56%     31.07% |      705538     13.64%     44.71% |      717345     13.87%     58.58% |      716966     13.86%     72.44% |      710337     13.73%     86.17% |      715162     13.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      5172452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5728370      4.67%      4.67% |    18266456     14.89%     19.56% |    57269399     46.68%     66.23% |     8412566      6.86%     73.09% |     8306957      6.77%     79.86% |     7427104      6.05%     85.91% |     9443128      7.70%     93.61% |     7839339      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    122693319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       96436     12.47%     12.47% |      224526     29.04%     41.51% |      187491     24.25%     65.76% |       64799      8.38%     74.14% |       44007      5.69%     79.83% |       39660      5.13%     84.96% |       68122      8.81%     93.77% |       48160      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       773201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         421     34.20%     34.20% |         131     10.64%     44.84% |         415     33.71%     78.55% |           8      0.65%     79.20% |          15      1.22%     80.42% |          38      3.09%     83.51% |         153     12.43%     95.94% |          50      4.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         1231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      339627      8.18%      8.18% |      495196     11.93%     20.11% |     1658192     39.95%     60.06% |      304094      7.33%     67.38% |      339342      8.17%     75.56% |      315116      7.59%     83.15% |      395498      9.53%     92.68% |      303999      7.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      4151064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |      113781     10.51%     10.51% |      127118     11.75%     22.26% |      130924     12.10%     34.36% |      137592     12.71%     47.07% |      144266     13.33%     60.41% |      149126     13.78%     74.19% |      161203     14.90%     89.08% |      118140     10.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total      1082150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |       36218     11.11%     11.11% |       44069     13.52%     24.63% |       42141     12.93%     37.56% |       41942     12.87%     50.42% |       41950     12.87%     63.29% |       42081     12.91%     76.20% |       42399     13.01%     89.21% |       35170     10.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total       325970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       12684     25.12%     25.12% |       11147     22.08%     47.20% |        5746     11.38%     58.58% |        4151      8.22%     66.81% |        4198      8.32%     75.12% |        4026      7.97%     83.10% |        4445      8.80%     91.90% |        4089      8.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        50486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14732     24.49%     24.49% |       10220     16.99%     41.48% |        7331     12.19%     53.67% |        2159      3.59%     57.26% |        3066      5.10%     62.35% |        2409      4.00%     66.36% |       13657     22.70%     89.06% |        6581     10.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        60155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       76712     11.58%     11.58% |      207898     31.39%     42.97% |      173803     26.24%     69.20% |       58502      8.83%     78.04% |       35168      5.31%     83.35% |       30203      4.56%     87.91% |       45475      6.87%     94.77% |       34639      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       662400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       47379     28.83%     28.83% |       29605     18.01%     46.84% |       17117     10.41%     57.25% |        9484      5.77%     63.02% |       13504      8.22%     71.24% |       15652      9.52%     80.76% |       16315      9.93%     90.69% |       15304      9.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       164360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |       13297     26.11%     26.11% |       11160     21.91%     48.02% |        5718     11.23%     59.25% |        4097      8.04%     67.30% |        4169      8.19%     75.48% |        4007      7.87%     83.35% |        4426      8.69%     92.04% |        4053      7.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        50927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS |           2      4.76%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |          11     26.19%     33.33% |           7     16.67%     50.00% |           7     16.67%     66.67% |           8     19.05%     85.71% |           4      9.52%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           5      1.31%      1.31% |          36      9.40%     10.70% |          46     12.01%     22.72% |          63     16.45%     39.16% |          54     14.10%     53.26% |          61     15.93%     69.19% |          47     12.27%     81.46% |          71     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       76712     11.58%     11.58% |      207898     31.39%     42.97% |      173803     26.24%     69.20% |       58502      8.83%     78.04% |       35168      5.31%     83.35% |       30203      4.56%     87.91% |       45475      6.87%     94.77% |       34639      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       662400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       14114     23.79%     23.79% |       10171     17.14%     40.93% |        7313     12.33%     53.26% |        2150      3.62%     56.88% |        3041      5.13%     62.01% |        2367      3.99%     66.00% |       13629     22.97%     88.97% |        6546     11.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        59331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         618     75.00%     75.00% |          49      5.95%     80.95% |          18      2.18%     83.13% |           9      1.09%     84.22% |          25      3.03%     87.26% |          42      5.10%     92.35% |          28      3.40%     95.75% |          35      4.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |      119266     13.76%     13.76% |      131573     15.18%     28.95% |      103506     11.94%     40.89% |       90131     10.40%     51.29% |      100296     11.57%     62.87% |      100770     11.63%     74.50% |      115595     13.34%     87.84% |      105401     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       866538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       54369     12.66%     12.66% |       61976     14.44%     27.10% |       53761     12.52%     39.62% |       50601     11.79%     51.41% |       52363     12.20%     63.61% |       53452     12.45%     76.06% |       56146     13.08%     89.14% |       46629     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       429297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        3136      7.32%      7.32% |        5689     13.28%     20.61% |        5676     13.25%     33.86% |        4475     10.45%     44.31% |        5898     13.77%     58.08% |        5595     13.06%     71.14% |        6871     16.04%     87.19% |        5488     12.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total        42828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1115     41.43%     41.43% |         716     26.61%     68.04% |         130      4.83%     72.87% |          77      2.86%     75.73% |         170      6.32%     82.05% |         104      3.86%     85.92% |         241      8.96%     94.87% |         138      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |       37984     10.48%     10.48% |       43149     11.90%     22.38% |       49058     13.54%     35.92% |       46670     12.88%     48.80% |       51449     14.19%     62.99% |       57623     15.90%     78.89% |       45384     12.52%     91.41% |       31129      8.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total       362446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          10     16.95%     16.95% |           5      8.47%     25.42% |           1      1.69%     27.12% |           4      6.78%     33.90% |           1      1.69%     35.59% |           2      3.39%     38.98% |          30     50.85%     89.83% |           6     10.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       91444     12.66%     12.66% |      218118     30.19%     42.84% |      181134     25.07%     67.91% |       60661      8.40%     76.31% |       38234      5.29%     81.60% |       32612      4.51%     86.11% |       59132      8.18%     94.30% |       41220      5.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       722555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |      143530     13.26%     13.26% |      148109     13.69%     26.95% |      143152     13.23%     40.18% |      136326     12.60%     52.77% |      133467     12.33%     65.11% |      132497     12.24%     77.35% |      123753     11.44%     88.79% |      121357     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total      1082191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       53710     12.57%     12.57% |       61903     14.49%     27.06% |       53550     12.53%     39.60% |       50561     11.84%     51.43% |       52097     12.19%     63.63% |       53176     12.45%     76.07% |       55860     13.08%     89.15% |       46357     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       427214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    20910943     58.11%     58.11% |     3519941      9.78%     67.89% |     6408554     17.81%     85.69% |     1114616      3.10%     88.79% |      991372      2.75%     91.55% |      874003      2.43%     93.97% |     1176314      3.27%     97.24% |      992157      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     35987900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1087698     86.84%     86.84% |       51794      4.14%     90.98% |       49187      3.93%     94.91% |        7444      0.59%     95.50% |       13175      1.05%     96.55% |        6001      0.48%     97.03% |       23762      1.90%     98.93% |       13416      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1252477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      301262     29.67%     29.67% |      221090     21.78%     51.45% |      280012     27.58%     79.03% |       59259      5.84%     84.87% |       36702      3.62%     88.49% |       30517      3.01%     91.49% |       46344      4.56%     96.06% |       40023      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1015209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      486179     98.24%     98.24% |         877      0.18%     98.42% |        7210      1.46%     99.88% |          12      0.00%     99.88% |          23      0.00%     99.88% |           9      0.00%     99.89% |         530      0.11%     99.99% |          31      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       494871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       80928    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        80928                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4313                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.252956                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.739414                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.265602                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4223     97.91%     97.91% |          24      0.56%     98.47% |           8      0.19%     98.66% |          12      0.28%     98.93% |          34      0.79%     99.72% |          12      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4313                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7422847                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7422847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7422847                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9690                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.224768                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.966972                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9677     99.87%     99.87% |           9      0.09%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9690                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8045                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8045    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8045                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7430892                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     7430892    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      7430892                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples      7444895                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.105521                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.132287                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |     7444801    100.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total       7444895                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14003                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.101835                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.551392                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       13909     99.33%     99.33% |          26      0.19%     99.51% |          10      0.07%     99.59% |          12      0.09%     99.67% |          34      0.24%     99.91% |          12      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean          123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7246    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.313850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.004995                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.128135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         773     98.22%     98.22% |           8      1.02%     99.24% |           3      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.13%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           2      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7405                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        7405    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         7405                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         8193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.503234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.948154                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        7405     90.38%     90.38% |           0      0.00%     90.38% |         773      9.43%     99.82% |           8      0.10%     99.91% |           3      0.04%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         8193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          788                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.423858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.061172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.858752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         773     98.10%     98.10% |           8      1.02%     99.11% |           3      0.38%     99.49% |           1      0.13%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           3      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          788                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8184                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8184    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8184                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        8193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         8193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         8193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |        8193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         8193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           34                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.794118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.702329                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.630462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     97.06%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           34                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210241                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      210241    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       210241                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.474295                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.276544                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.972152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         302     50.08%     50.08% |         296     49.09%     99.17% |           2      0.33%     99.50% |           2      0.33%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          184                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         184    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          184                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210425                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      210425    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210425                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.125513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.402292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      210425     99.70%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |         598      0.28%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          33      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       211062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          637                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.587127                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.217629                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.717409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         598     93.88%     93.88% |           4      0.63%     94.51% |           1      0.16%     94.66% |           0      0.00%     94.66% |          33      5.18%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          637                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5030                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.843738                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.014096                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.123813                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4951     98.43%     98.43% |          15      0.30%     98.73% |          11      0.22%     98.95% |           4      0.08%     99.03% |          38      0.76%     99.78% |          11      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5030                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4156173                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4156173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4156173                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2491                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.625050                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.508238                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.014942                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2068     83.02%     83.02% |         405     16.26%     99.28% |          18      0.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2491                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3227                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3227    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3227                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4159400                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     4159400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      4159400                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4166921                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.146649                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.127794                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     4166842    100.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       4166921                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7521                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    81.249302                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.975305                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.394031                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        7442     98.95%     98.95% |          15      0.20%     99.15% |          11      0.15%     99.30% |           4      0.05%     99.35% |          38      0.51%     99.85% |          11      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7521                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time 73290.674009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000725                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4032.911185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.num_msg_stalls          128                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000287                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   508.012198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000301                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 43842.257121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000145                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_stall_time  8016.003282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000864                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3507.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     61037552                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |    61037552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     61037552                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        93292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       283246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       278117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         5129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         8800                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         6129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         2671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.021208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            27                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.003557                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.512409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         6139                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11214.506458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  2078.396957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       781737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits       778519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3210411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3203735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         6676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses         9894                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits         7176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         2718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.025823                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.032990                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.600070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         7184                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000163                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10306.322636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000605                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1707.581494                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10667902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10649651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        18251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     44825297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     44776416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        48881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        67132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        55522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        11610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     5.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.038898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            54                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.454964                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   505.525435                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls        55526                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000213                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000723                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_stall_time  6633.694689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.004601                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  4936.899246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses       161152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits       159405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1747                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses         3825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         2031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         1794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.108413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001931                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.167018                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2035                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000029                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11520.052780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1487.358191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000146                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses       171971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits       170410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         1561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses         3384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         1884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         1500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.015518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.154778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1885                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11246.220371                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1956.071280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses       174353                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits       172096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses         2257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses         4055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         2613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         1442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.013375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.214232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2614                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     6.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11516.771621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  2194.467648                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000117                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        60728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits        59035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses       187648                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits       185563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses         2085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses         3778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         2440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         1338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.017946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.203334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2445                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11127.690693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1972.298979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        67393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits        65373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses       208888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits       206191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses         2697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses         4717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         3112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         1605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.011326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.254818                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         3113                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11097.049492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000266                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1884.889467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000130                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       61062230                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.025701                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.614786                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    61062012    100.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         61062230                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24678                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.593119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.087930                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |       24460     99.12%     99.12% |          76      0.31%     99.42% |          22      0.09%     99.51% |          16      0.06%     99.58% |          81      0.33%     99.91% |          23      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24678                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2004.144477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_stall_time  6012.711469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_stall_time  2004.003274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time  6012.324553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time  2021.819492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  6013.435430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  2006.103979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  6014.945626                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  6012.691534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  6012.075189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2004.136583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  6012.946315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2004.002871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  6014.288850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1503.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000363                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  2004.010968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         4008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3006.020134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time 10212.506458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  3006.025323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000163                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  9304.322636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3006.038898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.000723                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  5631.694592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_stall_time  3006.108413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_stall_time 10518.052780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  3006.015518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time 10244.220403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  3006.013375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time 10514.771654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3006.017946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time 10125.690693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3006.011326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time 10095.049492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time 72288.674253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  3022.496697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.001152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time 42840.256942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  7014.003282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2505.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      5366608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       593736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      7117152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      6083352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       592272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       962448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       405000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       670826                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        74217                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       889644                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        84491                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        74034                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       120306                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         5625                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       426680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       397656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        21368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        28872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2671                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4        53335                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2671                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          129                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     3.948968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.020134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10713.506458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.144477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000414                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.711469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     4.661263                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       131896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       191808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        16487                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     3.236673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       294784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       205848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        21368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        28872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2671                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        36848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2859                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2671                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          129                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       437976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       357408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        13464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4        54747                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4964                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          187                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.749945                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000323                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.025323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000163                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  9805.322636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.003274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000366                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.324553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     2.041615                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       138792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       195624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17349                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2717                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.458275                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       299184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       161784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        13464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37398                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2247                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2718                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          187                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       246264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       844112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1031616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        11888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        91080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        30783                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       105514                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1486                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1486                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1265                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.514807                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.038898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000723                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  6132.694649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1520.819492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5512.435430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.761036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       246264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       619568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       835128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        11888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        30783                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        77446                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11599                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1486                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.268577                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       224544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       196488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        91080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28068                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1486                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1265                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       324536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       393152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       293760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        14352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40567                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1794                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4        49144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1794                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     1.035571                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000329                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.108413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 11019.052780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1505.103979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5513.945626                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     1.155966                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       324536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       128592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40567                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.915177                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       306288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       165168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        14352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1794                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        38286                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2294                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1794                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       389344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       209520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        12000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48668                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2910                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.979225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.015518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10745.220387                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000465                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.691534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     1.083017                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        73760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       107928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9220                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.875433                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       315584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       101592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        12000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        39448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1411                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       327344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       385248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       205848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48156                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2859                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.966914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.013375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 11015.771637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.075189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.072991                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       327344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        69240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       103824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8655                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.860837                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       316008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       102024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        39501                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1417                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       328184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       378440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       225864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        41023                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        47305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.016245                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000333                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.017946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10626.690693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.136583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.946315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     1.150000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       328184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        64608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        96048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        41023                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8076                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1334                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.882490                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       313832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       129816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        39229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1803                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       380264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       330696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        12840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40755                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        47533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4593                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     1.078804                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.011326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10596.049492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.002871                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5513.288850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.098267                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        78112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       115488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40755                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9764                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1604                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     1.059341                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       302152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       215208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        12840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37769                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2989                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       338848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1109560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       964080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       135000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        42356                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4       138695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13390                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.241797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time 72789.674131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3523.496697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.001152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 43341.257032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  7515.003282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000245                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1002.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1503.010968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.420485                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1109560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       135000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       138695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.063109                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       338848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       730152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        42356                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10141                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.027225                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3006.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029519                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024931                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2513880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2372376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2008368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       135000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       314235                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::4       296547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     1.588560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000327                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2505.020134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000552                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  9711.506458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  2505.025323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000536                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time  8803.322636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000262                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2505.038898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.001943                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time  5130.694531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.000330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_stall_time  2505.108413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time 10017.052780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2505.015518                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000316                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  9743.220420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2505.013375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time 10013.771670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000335                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2505.017946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  9624.690693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2505.011326                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000343                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  9594.049492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.007059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time 71787.674375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000234                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  2521.496697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.058727                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time 42339.256853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_stall_time  6513.003282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2004.079467                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     4.661263                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       131896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       191808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        16487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     2.041615                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       138792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       195624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17349                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     1.761038                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       246264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       619544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       835128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        11888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        30783                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        77443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1486                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     1.155966                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       324536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       128592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1786                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     1.083017                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        73760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       107928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9220                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1499                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     1.072991                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       327344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        69240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       103824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40918                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8655                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     1.150000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       328184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        64608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        96048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        41023                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8076                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     1.098267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       326040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        78112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       115488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        40755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1604                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     3.420485                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1109560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       141944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       135000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4       138695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1875                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.029519                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       139776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        17472                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     61062230                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000014                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.003788                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    61061354    100.00%    100.00% |         876      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     61062230                      
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1001                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pc.fake_com_4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions           3793                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1890                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2423669153.858730                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1936482496.844831                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1890    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       560118                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001271116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1890                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 414073483722                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4580734700793                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions           2708                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1346                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3396133324.383358                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1394940866.804496                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1346    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001287148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1346                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 423612729895                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4571195454620                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions           4548                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2269                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2030108145.038343                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1984503056.866128                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2269    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2269                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 388492803423                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4606315381092                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions           2943                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1466                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3135043291.583220                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1616878764.931530                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1466    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001270114                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1466                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 398834719054                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4595973465461                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions           4379                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2090389724.580468                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1952511769.682419                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2181    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       189428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001268110                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 435668195205                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4559139989310                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions           2965                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1473                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3134753675.002037                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1612809644.887362                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1473    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672341                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1473                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 377316021237                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4617492163278                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions          15728                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         7854                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 585303566.680800                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1382783895.741869                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         7854    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       156813                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value   3991744554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         7854                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 397833971804                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4596974212711                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions           6760                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         3371                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 1369548440.866508                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1866952018.346255                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         3371    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       298095                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001476526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         3371                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 378060390354                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4616747794161                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1503                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 4994808184515                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       663616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             663616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1255552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1255552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        10369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               10369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        19618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              19618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     10751788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              10751788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     20342230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20342230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     31094018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31094018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples     29974.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.016767625750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds          593                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds          593                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               43042                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState              19082                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       10369                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      19618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     10369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    19618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     60929263                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   51800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               255179263                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5881.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24631.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       111                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   17253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 10369                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                19618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    554.771544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   308.680369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   446.444238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1055     30.51%     30.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          471     13.62%     44.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          116      3.35%     47.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           73      2.11%     49.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      1.42%     51.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      1.76%     52.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      1.53%     54.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           97      2.81%     57.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1483     42.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.456998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     53.801832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            520     87.69%     87.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31             6      1.01%     88.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             8      1.35%     90.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             6      1.01%     91.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             3      0.51%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-95             7      1.18%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            4      0.67%     93.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            3      0.51%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            4      0.67%     94.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.34%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            4      0.67%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            3      0.51%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            6      1.01%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.67%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            4      0.67%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.17%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            4      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            2      0.34%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      33.082631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     30.560645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     13.681151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17            32      5.40%      5.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            78     13.15%     18.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            76     12.82%     31.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             3      0.51%     31.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             3      0.51%     32.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27             1      0.17%     32.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            18      3.04%     35.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            27      4.55%     40.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           154     25.97%     66.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            28      4.72%     70.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37            20      3.37%     74.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.17%     74.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-41             6      1.01%     75.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::42-43             4      0.67%     76.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            74     12.48%     88.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            15      2.53%     91.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.34%     91.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.17%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            40      6.75%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::66-67             3      0.51%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-69             1      0.17%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-73             2      0.34%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      0.17%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::80-81             1      0.17%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-85             1      0.17%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-89             1      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 663040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1255552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  663616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1255552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        10.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     10.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   61733801160                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2058685.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       663040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1255552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 10742456.022193411365                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 20342229.946273200214                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        10369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        19618                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    255179263                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 1489084719916                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     24609.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  75904002.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy             12473580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy              6622275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy            36892380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy           45988200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     4872251280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy       1627688580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      22330353120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy        28932269415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        468.755478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58042077892                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2061020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1624917873                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy             12237960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy              6500835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy            37078020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy           56417760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     4872251280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy       1563483780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      22384420320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy        28932389955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        468.757430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58181377932                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2061020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1485617833                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 551                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 656                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                656                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           98                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           50                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           78                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          283                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          427                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          158                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     1945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.respLayer11.occupancy              80284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer11.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer13.occupancy             105580                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer13.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer15.occupancy             399519                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer15.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer17.occupancy             113582                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer17.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1094062                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                40218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62121586182                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               69010                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               79386                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              945767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               64588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer9.occupancy              623209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer9.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              135096                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              190734                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               39766                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              253509                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy               68021                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy               58077                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               59390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy               59775                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               61364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               5055280794327                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 504717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1892280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1081761                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1118.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               54047783                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   564714183                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1210353165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.060473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 60472609812                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.Branches                          3292798                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.Criticality                     271695792                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33961993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     62103805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7513667                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                           44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    3197403                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.005950                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   49232250                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           17                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.994050                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       120605814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              119888163.125717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            13619930                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10462202                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1942782                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              36695501                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     36695501                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            56407701                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           33642500                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1333865                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              717650.874283                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33366556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33366556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           63693235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21287846                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7513713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     10711137                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3197424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  439      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 30125133     48.51%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     196      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                5991800      9.65%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                  531000      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                1928800      3.11%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3886500      6.26%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.93%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239200      0.39%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4337600      6.98%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2010307      3.24%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 929223      1.50%     87.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            5503400      8.86%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2268201      3.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  62103806                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.Branches                          3289708                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Criticality                     271330360                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   33916312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     62016355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    7499149                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                           37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    3194157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            6                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.007329                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   49169529                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.992671                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       120621148                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              119737059.880664                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            13611074                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10454046                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1941526                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              36643300                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     36643300                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            56309300                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           33590600                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1332834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              884088.119336                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             33321220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    33321220                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           63597741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21258995                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7499108                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10693256                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3194148                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  381      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 30074750     48.49%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     165      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                5993400      9.66%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  522000      0.84%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                1928600      3.11%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3877200      6.25%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.93%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239000      0.39%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4335600      6.99%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2005704      3.23%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 926448      1.49%     87.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead            5493400      8.86%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2267700      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  62016355                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.Branches                          3317848                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.Criticality                     272578728                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   34072357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     62306120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    7535874                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                          137                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    3225118                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   49382328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       120703812                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 120703812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13754315                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10539149                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1963094                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              36685600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     36685600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            56396600                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           33632500                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1337228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             33572410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    33572410                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           64109250                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          21446302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7535739                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10760810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3225071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 2950      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 30280825     48.60%     48.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     695      0.00%     48.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      159      0.00%     48.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                5988600      9.61%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                  530600      0.85%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                1928600      3.10%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3886300      6.24%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.90%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239000      0.38%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4335600      6.96%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 2034539      3.27%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 956971      1.54%     87.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead            5501200      8.83%     96.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2268100      3.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  62306139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.Branches                          3290084                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.Criticality                     271313584                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   33914223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     62012886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    7499247                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                          122                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    3194434                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.007491                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   49164182                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           34                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.992509                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       122779135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              121859361.153985                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13617490                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10459500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1942263                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              36631709                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     36631709                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            56289700                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           33579805                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1333126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              919773.846015                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             33326647                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    33326647                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           63610622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          21265568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7499125                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10693541                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3194416                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                  543      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 30075607     48.50%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     191      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                5993005      9.66%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                  518800      0.84%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                1928600      3.11%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3876000      6.25%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.94%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239000      0.39%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4335600      6.99%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2007317      3.24%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 927516      1.50%     87.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead            5491804      8.86%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2266900      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  62012890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.Branches                          3291317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.Criticality                     271589512                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   33948711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     62077016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                    7508534                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                           99                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                    3196178                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                           13                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.006539                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                   49215902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                           29                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.993461                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.numCycles                       121354456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              120560888.266996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            13614178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10454933                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1942039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              36689301                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     36689301                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            56397101                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           33635700                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    1332966                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              793567.733004                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             33345002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    33345002                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           63647630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          21270871                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7508431                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     10704594                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3196163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                  464      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 30108657     48.50%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     199      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                5990600      9.65%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                  532200      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                1928600      3.11%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3885100      6.26%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.93%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239000      0.39%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4335600      6.98%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 2006627      3.23%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                 927562      1.49%     87.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead            5501800      8.86%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2268601      3.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  62077017                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.Branches                          3289833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.Criticality                     271327208                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   33915922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     62013290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                    7498571                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                           91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                    3194167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                           12                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.007690                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                   49163439                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                           26                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.992310                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.numCycles                       121354588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              120421391.634073                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            13615427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10457188                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1942008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              36636900                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     36636900                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            56309100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           33584600                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                    1332936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              933196.365927                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             33322404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    33322404                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           63601237                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          21261654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7498476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     10692628                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3194152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                  436      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 30077116     48.50%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     202      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       12      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                5989200      9.66%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                  520600      0.84%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                1928500      3.11%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3879100      6.26%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.94%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             238900      0.39%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4334600      6.99%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 2006472      3.24%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                 926952      1.49%     87.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead            5492000      8.86%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2267200      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  62013290                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.Branches                          3291097                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.Criticality                     271568648                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   33946101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     62072335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                    7508314                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                           72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                    3195860                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                           10                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.006686                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                   49212231                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                           23                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.993314                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.numCycles                       121249048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              120438358.459370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            13615102                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10456174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1942149                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              36684701                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     36684701                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            56387301                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           33631500                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                    1333016                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              810689.540630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             33344129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    33344129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           63646789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          21270934                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7508238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     10704086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   3195848                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                  438      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 30106281     48.50%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     228      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                5991000      9.65%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                  531000      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                1928600      3.11%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3884100      6.26%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.93%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             239000      0.39%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4335600      6.98%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 2006834      3.23%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                 927647      1.49%     87.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead            5501400      8.86%     96.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2268201      3.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  62072336                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.Branches                          3289724                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.Criticality                     271306480                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   33913329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     62009338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                    7498029                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                    3194058                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.007744                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                   49161811                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                           20                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.992256                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.numCycles                       121310255                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              120370841.760311                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            13613998                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10456041                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1941855                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              36635200                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     36635200                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            56301800                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           33582800                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                    1332898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              939413.239689                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             33320119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    33320119                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           63596282                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          21259729                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7497960                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     10692007                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   3194047                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                  409      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 30073832     48.50%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     187      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        7      0.00%     48.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                5990600      9.66%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                  520600      0.84%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                1928500      3.11%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            3877700      6.25%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            4300800      6.94%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv             238900      0.39%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult           4334600      6.99%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             51200      0.08%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 2006156      3.24%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                 926747      1.49%     87.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead            5491800      8.86%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite           2267300      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  62009338                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total           1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        60016                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |        1413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total         1413                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       60016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        60016                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    75.317421                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    69.744256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.893392                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        2012     82.09%     82.09% |         384     15.67%     97.76% |          11      0.45%     98.20% |           8      0.33%     98.53% |           7      0.29%     98.82% |           1      0.04%     98.86% |           1      0.04%     98.90% |           6      0.24%     99.14% |          12      0.49%     99.63% |           9      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.009384                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.008776                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.179323                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2447     99.84%     99.84% |           4      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011424                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.009461                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.203721                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2445     99.76%     99.76% |           1      0.04%     99.80% |           5      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2451    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.338229                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.574774                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.892089                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2300     93.84%     93.84% |         111      4.53%     98.37% |          11      0.45%     98.82% |           5      0.20%     99.02% |          19      0.78%     99.80% |           5      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack           484575      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks         6964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        61423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ         1413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data             226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE        53378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS        187777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX        414247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data         6624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          844862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          686682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       539340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       605335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ          217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE         6412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS       307639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX       182604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT        494483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS         6964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX         8805      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM      1077042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS       413175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS         3180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX          383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM         6770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS          194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks         6964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS          549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX         1169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS        10144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data       602037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETS         1402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX          854      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM         1127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS         7678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack         1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack         9408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack       473490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data         6412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack        60016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_READ            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS       335138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX        78566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT          1179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS          2103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX            13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS         2103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data         2103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT           495662      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS             2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM      1084939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS       433294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean         1098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       477836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack       479243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean         1098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       477836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.706977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.037967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.864289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         188     87.44%     87.44% |          22     10.23%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           1      0.47%     98.14% |           0      0.00%     98.14% |           0      0.00%     98.14% |           1      0.47%     98.60% |           2      0.93%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    393691794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |   393691794    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    393691794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          941                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.141339                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.127360                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.982941                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         849     90.22%     90.22% |          92      9.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          941                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8426                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8426    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8426                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    393700220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   393700220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    393700220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    393701376                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.111550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   393701161    100.00%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    393701376                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.497405                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    42.429261                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.301914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         941     81.40%     81.40% |         188     16.26%     97.66% |          22      1.90%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           1      0.09%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           1      0.09%     99.74% |           2      0.17%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    479316418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |   479316418    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    479316418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        10144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.433724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.449170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        5561     58.64%     58.64% |        3610     38.07%     96.71% |         109      1.15%     97.86% |           4      0.04%     97.90% |         194      2.05%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.006222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.005893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.130965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9478     99.95%     99.95% |           5      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.348097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.087448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     6.047899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |        9444     99.59%     99.59% |          19      0.20%     99.79% |           4      0.04%     99.83% |           8      0.08%     99.92% |           5      0.05%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.004429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.181342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        9468     99.84%     99.84% |          12      0.13%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         9483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.393516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.277270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         110      1.15%      1.15% |        9445     98.46%     99.60% |          18      0.19%     99.79% |           8      0.08%     99.87% |           4      0.04%     99.92% |           5      0.05%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     4199206     49.02%     49.02% |     1361154     15.89%     64.91% |     1075975     12.56%     77.47% |      426788      4.98%     82.46% |      350302      4.09%     86.55% |      339890      3.97%     90.51% |      433799      5.06%     95.58% |      378680      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8565794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       54824     12.65%     12.65% |       62536     14.43%     27.09% |       54651     12.61%     39.70% |       50883     11.74%     51.44% |       52782     12.18%     63.62% |       53954     12.45%     76.08% |       56630     13.07%     89.15% |       47034     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       433294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |      585429     53.96%     53.96% |      186733     17.21%     71.17% |      146233     13.48%     84.65% |       42072      3.88%     88.53% |       27964      2.58%     91.10% |       24951      2.30%     93.40% |       35383      3.26%     96.67% |       36174      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1084939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1390312     60.53%     60.53% |      277408     12.08%     72.61% |      345266     15.03%     87.64% |       68874      3.00%     90.64% |       51020      2.22%     92.86% |       37956      1.65%     94.52% |       71105      3.10%     97.61% |       54822      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2296763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       18676     24.93%     24.93% |       13793     18.41%     43.35% |        8512     11.36%     54.71% |        6536      8.73%     63.44% |        6786      9.06%     72.50% |        6656      8.89%     81.38% |        7130      9.52%     90.90% |        6815      9.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        74904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      566292     56.27%     56.27% |      170704     16.96%     73.23% |      136899     13.60%     86.84% |       35305      3.51%     90.35% |       21177      2.10%     92.45% |       18383      1.83%     94.28% |       28234      2.81%     97.08% |       29366      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1006360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       12122     24.45%     24.45% |        5801     11.70%     36.15% |        5751     11.60%     47.75% |        3890      7.85%     55.60% |        5090     10.27%     65.86% |        4727      9.53%     75.40% |        6224     12.55%     87.95% |        5973     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        49578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      242696     30.60%     30.60% |      124545     15.70%     46.30% |      112484     14.18%     60.48% |       64019      8.07%     68.55% |       62180      7.84%     76.39% |       60364      7.61%     84.00% |       65310      8.23%     92.23% |       61627      7.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       793225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      360586      8.79%      8.79% |      444068     10.82%     19.61% |      499577     12.18%     31.79% |      572670     13.96%     45.74% |      566136     13.80%     59.54% |      568617     13.86%     73.40% |      547340     13.34%     86.74% |      544151     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4103145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      288743      6.26%      6.26% |      486271     10.53%     16.79% |      532321     11.53%     28.32% |      646284     14.00%     42.32% |      669123     14.50%     56.82% |      667653     14.46%     71.28% |      659774     14.29%     85.58% |      665850     14.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      4616019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      370939     60.02%     60.02% |      105389     17.05%     77.07% |       75703     12.25%     89.32% |       20598      3.33%     92.65% |        8974      1.45%     94.10% |        9548      1.54%     95.65% |       15688      2.54%     98.19% |       11213      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       618052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     2495022     72.78%     72.78% |      360855     10.53%     83.31% |      274326      8.00%     91.31% |       91109      2.66%     93.97% |       39202      1.14%     95.11% |       37787      1.10%     96.21% |       81864      2.39%     98.60% |       47957      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3428122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        4655     21.49%     21.49% |        2554     11.79%     33.28% |        2456     11.34%     44.62% |        2392     11.04%     55.66% |        2339     10.80%     66.46% |        2369     10.94%     77.40% |        2410     11.13%     88.53% |        2485     11.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        21660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      366298     61.37%     61.37% |      102894     17.24%     78.61% |       73315     12.28%     90.89% |       18279      3.06%     93.96% |        6689      1.12%     95.08% |        7246      1.21%     96.29% |       13330      2.23%     98.53% |        8800      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       596851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX |          38      2.92%      2.92% |         113      8.67%     11.59% |         138     10.59%     22.18% |         179     13.74%     35.92% |         188     14.43%     50.35% |         176     13.51%     63.85% |         192     14.74%     78.59% |         279     21.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX::total         1303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     1291577     52.45%     52.45% |      256337     10.41%     62.86% |      269270     10.93%     73.79% |      125649      5.10%     78.89% |      126320      5.13%     84.02% |      125389      5.09%     89.11% |      153993      6.25%     95.37% |      114134      4.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2462669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         659     31.34%     31.34% |          76      3.61%     34.95% |         220     10.46%     45.41% |          41      1.95%     47.36% |         271     12.89%     60.25% |         277     13.17%     73.42% |         286     13.60%     87.02% |         273     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      199994     48.84%     48.84% |       67810     16.56%     65.40% |       63584     15.53%     80.92% |       17026      4.16%     85.08% |       14488      3.54%     88.62% |       11137      2.72%     91.34% |       14904      3.64%     94.98% |       20566      5.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       409509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |          29      2.60%      2.60% |          73      6.55%      9.15% |         128     11.48%     20.63% |         148     13.27%     33.90% |         209     18.74%     52.65% |         188     16.86%     69.51% |         181     16.23%     85.74% |         159     14.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total         1115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX |         413     26.34%     26.34% |          84      5.36%     31.70% |         160     10.20%     41.90% |         169     10.78%     52.68% |         230     14.67%     67.35% |         182     11.61%     78.95% |         218     13.90%     92.86% |         112      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX::total         1568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |      106205     14.66%     14.66% |      106156     14.65%     29.32% |       95303     13.16%     42.47% |       90000     12.42%     54.90% |       82304     11.36%     66.26% |       75162     10.38%     76.64% |       78624     10.85%     87.49% |       90615     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total       724369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       54165     12.56%     12.56% |       62460     14.49%     27.05% |       54431     12.62%     39.67% |       50842     11.79%     51.46% |       52511     12.18%     63.64% |       53677     12.45%     76.09% |       56344     13.07%     89.16% |       46761     10.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       431191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       48530     23.54%     23.54% |       42600     20.66%     44.20% |       24363     11.82%     56.02% |       21517     10.44%     66.45% |       16094      7.81%     74.26% |       15848      7.69%     81.94% |       18878      9.16%     91.10% |       18352      8.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total       206182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |       18017     24.75%     24.75% |       13717     18.84%     43.59% |        8292     11.39%     54.98% |        6495      8.92%     63.90% |        6515      8.95%     72.85% |        6379      8.76%     81.61% |        6844      9.40%     91.01% |        6542      8.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        72801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   313705535     39.96%     39.96% |    72083693      9.18%     49.14% |   110819437     14.12%     63.26% |    57742280      7.36%     70.61% |    57652320      7.34%     77.96% |    56686233      7.22%     85.18% |    58785258      7.49%     92.67% |    57572771      7.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    785047527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     1915853     63.03%     63.03% |      309040     10.17%     73.20% |      437773     14.40%     87.60% |       91763      3.02%     90.62% |       65657      2.16%     92.78% |       52356      1.72%     94.50% |       94589      3.11%     97.61% |       72504      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3039535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |      486787     97.94%     97.94% |        1044      0.21%     98.15% |        8281      1.67%     99.82% |          23      0.00%     99.83% |          38      0.01%     99.83% |          49      0.01%     99.84% |         693      0.14%     99.98% |          88      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       497003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    65292778     46.40%     46.40% |    12251908      8.71%     55.10% |    17493711     12.43%     67.53% |     9157007      6.51%     74.04% |     9123213      6.48%     80.52% |     8966236      6.37%     86.89% |     9339549      6.64%     93.53% |     9107505      6.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    140731907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   235342350     98.26%     98.26% |     3459815      1.44%     99.70% |      353661      0.15%     99.85% |       88950      0.04%     99.89% |       29960      0.01%     99.90% |       38749      0.02%     99.92% |       46210      0.02%     99.94% |      150775      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    239510470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |      221770     76.68%     76.68% |       11873      4.11%     80.79% |       29755     10.29%     91.08% |        4367      1.51%     92.59% |       10008      3.46%     96.05% |        2204      0.76%     96.81% |        5197      1.80%     98.61% |        4029      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       289203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       16216     92.47%     92.47% |          67      0.38%     92.85% |        1159      6.61%     99.46% |           7      0.04%     99.50% |           2      0.01%     99.51% |           3      0.02%     99.53% |          73      0.42%     99.94% |          10      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        17537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3839064     50.95%     50.95% |     1094084     14.52%     65.48% |      305330      4.05%     69.53% |      448684      5.96%     75.48% |      465740      6.18%     81.66% |      446161      5.92%     87.59% |      463805      6.16%     93.74% |      471526      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      7534394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          96     13.04%     13.04% |         149     20.24%     33.29% |          81     11.01%     44.29% |          81     11.01%     55.30% |          57      7.74%     63.04% |          81     11.01%     74.05% |         113     15.35%     89.40% |          78     10.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |       13853     16.12%     16.12% |       13315     15.50%     31.62% |       11712     13.63%     45.26% |        7955      9.26%     54.52% |        8772     10.21%     64.73% |        7158      8.33%     73.06% |        7629      8.88%     81.94% |       15518     18.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        85912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |        1573      7.75%      7.75% |        4512     22.22%     29.97% |       10511     51.77%     81.73% |        1672      8.23%     89.97% |         668      3.29%     93.26% |         582      2.87%     96.12% |         354      1.74%     97.87% |         433      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total        20305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      162945     62.15%     62.15% |       46112     17.59%     79.74% |       32725     12.48%     92.22% |        6283      2.40%     94.62% |        3430      1.31%     95.93% |        2542      0.97%     96.90% |        4958      1.89%     98.79% |        3176      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       262171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       55837     70.85%     70.85% |        7024      8.91%     79.76% |        4090      5.19%     84.95% |        1587      2.01%     86.97% |        6245      7.92%     94.89% |         768      0.97%     95.87% |        2377      3.02%     98.88% |         881      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        78809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      141689     93.07%     93.07% |        2191      1.44%     94.51% |        7349      4.83%     99.34% |          18      0.01%     99.35% |         181      0.12%     99.47% |          37      0.02%     99.50% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       152233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     66.67%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          15     36.59%     36.59% |           0      0.00%     36.59% |          26     63.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      485344     98.15%     98.15% |         875      0.18%     98.33% |        7690      1.56%     99.88% |          12      0.00%     99.89% |          14      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.00%     99.89% |         519      0.10%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       494483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch |      194201     99.95%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.96% |          15      0.01%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch::total       194306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |     1505521     86.72%     86.72% |       50358      2.90%     89.62% |      111559      6.43%     96.05% |       20116      1.16%     97.21% |        8744      0.50%     97.71% |        8360      0.48%     98.19% |       18898      1.09%     99.28% |       12518      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1736074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      469128     98.36%     98.36% |         808      0.17%     98.53% |        6531      1.37%     99.90% |           5      0.00%     99.90% |          12      0.00%     99.90% |           3      0.00%     99.90% |         446      0.09%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       476946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    56044569     57.67%     57.67% |     6576831      6.77%     64.43% |    11568242     11.90%     76.34% |     4627240      4.76%     81.10% |     4578220      4.71%     85.81% |     4476604      4.61%     90.42% |     4726697      4.86%     95.28% |     4588297      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     97186700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |        1082     17.93%     17.93% |        2194     36.36%     54.29% |        1088     18.03%     72.32% |         391      6.48%     78.80% |         381      6.31%     85.12% |         257      4.26%     89.38% |         356      5.90%     95.28% |         285      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total         6034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       46533     20.97%     20.97% |       83042     37.42%     58.38% |       38952     17.55%     75.93% |       12221      5.51%     81.44% |        9845      4.44%     85.87% |        9352      4.21%     90.09% |       11952      5.39%     95.47% |       10047      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total       221944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |       13532      8.02%      8.02% |       68990     40.89%     48.91% |       56607     33.55%     82.47% |       12921      7.66%     90.12% |        3023      1.79%     91.92% |        4188      2.48%     94.40% |        5016      2.97%     97.37% |        4434      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total       168711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    23473455     38.85%     38.85% |     6463774     10.70%     49.55% |     9484121     15.70%     65.25% |     4272791      7.07%     72.33% |     4167064      6.90%     79.22% |     4048263      6.70%     85.92% |     4341107      7.19%     93.11% |     4162422      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     60412997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1009964     91.20%     91.20% |       28534      2.58%     93.77% |       44359      4.01%     97.78% |        4634      0.42%     98.20% |        3931      0.35%     98.55% |        2969      0.27%     98.82% |        7518      0.68%     99.50% |        5535      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1107444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      936881     95.02%     95.02% |        8905      0.90%     95.93% |       27418      2.78%     98.71% |        2793      0.28%     98.99% |        2034      0.21%     99.20% |        1879      0.19%     99.39% |        3612      0.37%     99.76% |        2414      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       985936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       73083     60.15%     60.15% |       19629     16.15%     76.30% |       16941     13.94%     90.24% |        1841      1.52%     91.76% |        1897      1.56%     93.32% |        1090      0.90%     94.22% |        3906      3.21%     97.43% |        3121      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       121508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1010170     91.20%     91.20% |       28535      2.58%     93.77% |       44360      4.00%     97.78% |        4635      0.42%     98.20% |        3932      0.35%     98.55% |        2970      0.27%     98.82% |        7519      0.68%     99.50% |        5536      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1107657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |       63809      9.97%      9.97% |      297097     46.40%     56.36% |      190360     29.73%     86.09% |       34580      5.40%     91.49% |       12954      2.02%     93.52% |       14867      2.32%     95.84% |       12837      2.00%     97.84% |       13813      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total       640317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      366462     61.17%     61.17% |      104550     17.45%     78.62% |       73514     12.27%     90.89% |       18352      3.06%     93.96% |        6714      1.12%     95.08% |        7287      1.22%     96.29% |       13376      2.23%     98.53% |        8832      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       599087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |          13      5.53%      5.53% |          47     20.00%     25.53% |          48     20.43%     45.96% |          36     15.32%     61.28% |          24     10.21%     71.49% |          24     10.21%     81.70% |          24     10.21%     91.91% |          19      8.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total          235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       13329     12.06%     12.06% |       64344     58.22%     70.28% |       18798     17.01%     87.29% |        3758      3.40%     90.69% |        2358      2.13%     92.82% |        3062      2.77%     95.59% |        2375      2.15%     97.74% |        2495      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       110519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |      141689     93.07%     93.07% |        2191      1.44%     94.51% |        7349      4.83%     99.34% |          18      0.01%     99.35% |         181      0.12%     99.47% |          37      0.02%     99.50% |         419      0.28%     99.77% |         349      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       152233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |       54722     71.28%     71.28% |        6712      8.74%     80.02% |        3818      4.97%     85.00% |        1531      1.99%     86.99% |        6188      8.06%     95.05% |         659      0.86%     95.91% |        2327      3.03%     98.94% |         813      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total        76770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1115     54.68%     54.68% |         312     15.30%     69.99% |         272     13.34%     83.33% |          56      2.75%     86.07% |          57      2.80%     88.87% |         109      5.35%     94.21% |          50      2.45%     96.67% |          68      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      197526     85.49%     85.49% |        9215      3.99%     89.48% |       11439      4.95%     94.43% |        1605      0.69%     95.13% |        6426      2.78%     97.91% |         805      0.35%     98.26% |        2796      1.21%     99.47% |        1230      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       231042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |      125181     16.67%     16.67% |      226637     30.18%     46.85% |      187993     25.04%     71.89% |       51801      6.90%     78.79% |       39145      5.21%     84.00% |       27236      3.63%     87.63% |       31479      4.19%     91.82% |       61443      8.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total       750915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      199830     49.07%     49.07% |       66154     16.24%     65.31% |       63385     15.56%     80.87% |       16953      4.16%     85.03% |       14463      3.55%     88.59% |       11096      2.72%     91.31% |       14858      3.65%     94.96% |       20534      5.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       407273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     11.69%     11.69% |          12     15.58%     27.27% |          11     14.29%     41.56% |          14     18.18%     59.74% |          12     15.58%     75.32% |          10     12.99%     88.31% |           9     11.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1154     11.58%     11.58% |        4462     44.77%     56.35% |        2658     26.67%     83.01% |         568      5.70%     88.71% |         311      3.12%     91.83% |         271      2.72%     94.55% |         304      3.05%     97.60% |         239      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         9967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         164      7.33%      7.33% |        1656     74.06%     81.40% |         199      8.90%     90.30% |          73      3.26%     93.56% |          25      1.12%     94.68% |          41      1.83%     96.51% |          46      2.06%     98.57% |          32      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         2236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |        1192     17.12%     17.12% |        2406     34.55%     51.67% |        1182     16.97%     68.64% |         496      7.12%     75.76% |         445      6.39%     82.15% |         357      5.13%     87.28% |         489      7.02%     94.30% |         397      5.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total         6964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |    22927318     29.77%     29.77% |      956435      1.24%     31.01% |     3537327      4.59%     35.61% |    49126117     63.79%     99.40% |       52782      0.07%     99.47% |       16224      0.02%     99.49% |       24375      0.03%     99.52% |      371252      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     77011830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       91348     40.56%     40.56% |       20057      8.90%     49.46% |      101689     45.15%     94.61% |        1358      0.60%     95.21% |        1858      0.82%     96.03% |         933      0.41%     96.45% |        1293      0.57%     97.02% |        6707      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total       225243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        1019     86.43%     86.43% |          34      2.88%     89.31% |          82      6.96%     96.27% |           3      0.25%     96.52% |           9      0.76%     97.29% |           3      0.25%     97.54% |          19      1.61%     99.15% |          10      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         1179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |      155780      3.57%      3.57% |      267889      6.14%      9.71% |      759854     17.42%     27.13% |     2926926     67.09%     94.21% |      211881      4.86%     99.07% |        8889      0.20%     99.27% |       13779      0.32%     99.59% |       17877      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      4362875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |          14      8.54%      8.54% |          54     32.93%     41.46% |          13      7.93%     49.39% |          20     12.20%     61.59% |           4      2.44%     64.02% |          12      7.32%     71.34% |          13      7.93%     79.27% |          34     20.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       45921     13.70%     13.70% |       37793     11.28%     24.98% |       35476     10.59%     35.57% |       35176     10.50%     46.06% |       36561     10.91%     56.97% |       32917      9.82%     66.79% |       33281      9.93%     76.73% |       77999     23.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       335124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        9427     12.92%     12.92% |       12295     16.86%     29.78% |       10726     14.71%     44.49% |        7034      9.64%     54.13% |        6598      9.05%     63.18% |        6572      9.01%     72.19% |        6839      9.38%     81.56% |       13447     18.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        72938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |        1122     19.34%     19.34% |        2313     39.87%     59.20% |        1062     18.30%     77.51% |         282      4.86%     82.37% |         270      4.65%     87.02% |         195      3.36%     90.38% |         309      5.33%     95.71% |         249      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total         5802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7574     37.69%     37.69% |        8545     42.52%     80.20% |        1884      9.37%     89.58% |         219      1.09%     90.67% |         236      1.17%     91.84% |         331      1.65%     93.49% |         381      1.90%     95.38% |         928      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        20098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       83000     41.21%     41.21% |       11028      5.48%     46.69% |       99359     49.33%     96.02% |         866      0.43%     96.45% |        1363      0.68%     97.12% |         276      0.14%     97.26% |         450      0.22%     97.48% |        5066      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       201408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        1019     86.43%     86.43% |          34      2.88%     89.31% |          82      6.96%     96.27% |           3      0.25%     96.52% |           9      0.76%     97.29% |           3      0.25%     97.54% |          19      1.61%     99.15% |          10      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         1179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |        7840     19.38%     19.38% |       16184     40.01%     59.40% |        7294     18.03%     77.43% |        1904      4.71%     82.14% |        1904      4.71%     86.85% |        1323      3.27%     90.12% |        2135      5.28%     95.40% |        1862      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total        40446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1120     19.38%     19.38% |        2312     40.01%     59.40% |        1042     18.03%     77.43% |         272      4.71%     82.14% |         272      4.71%     86.85% |         189      3.27%     90.12% |         305      5.28%     95.40% |         266      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           4     13.33%     43.33% |           3     10.00%     53.33% |           7     23.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           5     29.41%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           6     35.29%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           9     11.84%     11.84% |          23     30.26%     42.11% |          22     28.95%     71.05% |          10     13.16%     84.21% |           0      0.00%     84.21% |           6      7.89%     92.11% |           5      6.58%     98.68% |           1      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       83000     41.21%     41.21% |       11028      5.48%     46.69% |       99359     49.33%     96.02% |         866      0.43%     96.45% |        1363      0.68%     97.12% |         276      0.14%     97.26% |         450      0.22%     97.48% |        5066      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       201408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        7567     37.75%     37.75% |        8523     42.52%     80.27% |        1882      9.39%     89.65% |         219      1.09%     90.75% |         234      1.17%     91.91% |         331      1.65%     93.56% |         380      1.90%     95.46% |         910      4.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        20046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           7     13.46%     13.46% |          22     42.31%     55.77% |           2      3.85%     59.62% |           0      0.00%     59.62% |           2      3.85%     63.46% |           0      0.00%     63.46% |           1      1.92%     65.38% |          18     34.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       90574     40.89%     40.89% |       19573      8.84%     49.73% |      101243     45.71%     95.43% |        1085      0.49%     95.92% |        1599      0.72%     96.64% |         607      0.27%     96.92% |         831      0.38%     97.29% |        5994      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       221506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      581572      9.96%      9.96% |      706045     12.09%     22.05% |      717249     12.28%     34.33% |      766801     13.13%     47.46% |      767707     13.15%     60.61% |      769684     13.18%     73.79% |      763574     13.08%     86.86% |      767285     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5839917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      350011      6.72%      6.72% |      616523     11.84%     18.56% |      652797     12.53%     31.09% |      710400     13.64%     44.73% |      721970     13.86%     58.59% |      721632     13.86%     72.45% |      714967     13.73%     86.18% |      719838     13.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      5208138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    54924203     11.76%     11.76% |    67434005     14.43%     26.19% |   106633152     22.82%     49.01% |     8458752      1.81%     50.82% |    57520940     12.31%     63.13% |    56589559     12.11%     75.25% |    58654286     12.55%     87.80% |    56998422     12.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    467213319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       97214     12.32%     12.32% |      226752     28.74%     41.06% |      194770     24.69%     65.74% |       65922      8.35%     74.10% |       45047      5.71%     79.81% |       40859      5.18%     84.99% |       69201      8.77%     93.76% |       49250      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       789015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         424     31.62%     31.62% |         135     10.07%     41.69% |         509     37.96%     79.64% |           8      0.60%     80.24% |          15      1.12%     81.36% |          40      2.98%     84.34% |         155     11.56%     95.90% |          55      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         1341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3994829     13.45%     13.45% |     4147486     13.97%     27.42% |     4700472     15.83%     43.25% |     1082461      3.65%     46.90% |     3793037     12.77%     59.67% |     3968203     13.36%     73.04% |     4049292     13.64%     86.67% |     3956795     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     29692575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |      114646     10.49%     10.49% |      127747     11.69%     22.18% |      131392     12.03%     34.21% |      138623     12.69%     46.90% |      146177     13.38%     60.28% |      151438     13.86%     74.14% |      163185     14.94%     89.07% |      119409     10.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total      1092617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |       36271     11.10%     11.10% |       44199     13.52%     24.62% |       42266     12.93%     37.55% |       42068     12.87%     50.42% |       42086     12.88%     63.30% |       42212     12.92%     76.22% |       42522     13.01%     89.23% |       35211     10.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total       326835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       12749     25.15%     25.15% |       11150     21.99%     47.14% |        5861     11.56%     58.70% |        4157      8.20%     66.90% |        4205      8.29%     75.20% |        4029      7.95%     83.14% |        4453      8.78%     91.93% |        4093      8.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        50697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14909     22.33%     22.33% |       11669     17.47%     39.80% |       11306     16.93%     56.73% |        2421      3.63%     60.36% |        3177      4.76%     65.12% |        2723      4.08%     69.19% |       13751     20.59%     89.79% |        6821     10.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        66777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       77133     11.52%     11.52% |      208416     31.12%     42.63% |      176918     26.41%     69.05% |       59128      8.83%     77.88% |       35886      5.36%     83.23% |       30851      4.61%     87.84% |       46208      6.90%     94.74% |       35241      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       669781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       47683     28.88%     28.88% |       29614     17.93%     46.81% |       17504     10.60%     57.41% |        9506      5.76%     63.16% |       13524      8.19%     71.35% |       15662      9.48%     80.84% |       16335      9.89%     90.73% |       15307      9.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       165135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |       13362     26.13%     26.13% |       11163     21.83%     47.96% |        5836     11.41%     59.37% |        4103      8.02%     67.39% |        4176      8.17%     75.56% |        4010      7.84%     83.40% |        4434      8.67%     92.07% |        4057      7.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        51141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS |           2      4.76%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |          11     26.19%     33.33% |           7     16.67%     50.00% |           7     16.67%     66.67% |           8     19.05%     85.71% |           4      9.52%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           5      1.31%      1.31% |          36      9.40%     10.70% |          46     12.01%     22.72% |          63     16.45%     39.16% |          54     14.10%     53.26% |          61     15.93%     69.19% |          47     12.27%     81.46% |          71     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       77133     11.52%     11.52% |      208416     31.12%     42.63% |      176918     26.41%     69.05% |       59128      8.83%     77.88% |       35886      5.36%     83.23% |       30851      4.61%     87.84% |       46208      6.90%     94.74% |       35241      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       669781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       14291     21.67%     21.67% |       11620     17.62%     39.29% |       11285     17.11%     56.40% |        2412      3.66%     60.06% |        3152      4.78%     64.84% |        2681      4.07%     68.90% |       13723     20.81%     89.71% |        6786     10.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        65950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         618     74.73%     74.73% |          49      5.93%     80.65% |          21      2.54%     83.19% |           9      1.09%     84.28% |          25      3.02%     87.30% |          42      5.08%     92.38% |          28      3.39%     95.77% |          35      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |      119564     13.71%     13.71% |      131830     15.12%     28.83% |      104865     12.03%     40.86% |       90722     10.40%     51.26% |      101159     11.60%     62.86% |      101778     11.67%     74.53% |      116278     13.33%     87.87% |      105812     12.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       872008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       54824     12.65%     12.65% |       62536     14.43%     27.09% |       54651     12.61%     39.70% |       50883     11.74%     51.44% |       52782     12.18%     63.62% |       53954     12.45%     76.08% |       56630     13.07%     89.15% |       47034     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       433294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        3304      7.46%      7.46% |        5977     13.49%     20.95% |        5892     13.30%     34.25% |        4532     10.23%     44.48% |        6088     13.74%     58.22% |        5782     13.05%     71.27% |        7060     15.94%     87.21% |        5668     12.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total        44303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1194     37.21%     37.21% |         803     25.02%     62.23% |         214      6.67%     68.90% |         118      3.68%     72.58% |         212      6.61%     79.18% |         170      5.30%     84.48% |         296      9.22%     93.71% |         202      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         3209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |       39080     10.61%     10.61% |       44602     12.11%     22.72% |       50238     13.64%     36.36% |       46911     12.74%     49.10% |       51703     14.04%     63.14% |       57927     15.73%     78.87% |       45999     12.49%     91.36% |       31829      8.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total       368289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          10     16.95%     16.95% |           5      8.47%     25.42% |           1      1.69%     27.12% |           4      6.78%     33.90% |           1      1.69%     35.59% |           2      3.39%     38.98% |          30     50.85%     89.83% |           6     10.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       92042     12.50%     12.50% |      220085     29.88%     42.38% |      188224     25.55%     67.93% |       61549      8.36%     76.29% |       39063      5.30%     81.59% |       33574      4.56%     86.15% |       59959      8.14%     94.29% |       42062      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       736558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |      145285     13.30%     13.30% |      150758     13.80%     27.09% |      145541     13.32%     40.41% |      136911     12.53%     52.94% |      134007     12.26%     65.21% |      133089     12.18%     77.39% |      124623     11.41%     88.79% |      122444     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total      1092658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       54165     12.56%     12.56% |       62460     14.49%     27.05% |       54431     12.62%     39.67% |       50842     11.79%     51.46% |       52511     12.18%     63.64% |       53677     12.45%     76.09% |       56344     13.07%     89.16% |       46761     10.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       431191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24109551     39.15%     39.15% |     6714755     10.90%     50.05% |     9635732     15.65%     65.70% |     4309852      7.00%     72.69% |     4188308      6.80%     79.49% |     4068923      6.61%     86.10% |     4372951      7.10%     93.20% |     4186928      6.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61587000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1088284     85.48%     85.48% |       55772      4.38%     89.86% |       61639      4.84%     94.70% |        8861      0.70%     95.40% |       13589      1.07%     96.47% |        6791      0.53%     97.00% |       24027      1.89%     98.89% |       14165      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1273128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      302028     29.51%     29.51% |      221636     21.65%     51.16% |      283627     27.71%     78.87% |       60013      5.86%     84.73% |       37431      3.66%     88.38% |       31165      3.04%     91.43% |       47078      4.60%     96.03% |       40657      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1023635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      486363     98.12%     98.12% |         909      0.18%     98.31% |        7772      1.57%     99.88% |          15      0.00%     99.88% |          23      0.00%     99.88% |           9      0.00%     99.88% |         538      0.11%     99.99% |          33      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       495662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       29077    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        29077                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          275                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.770909                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.471616                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.443896                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         242     88.00%     88.00% |          20      7.27%     95.27% |           2      0.73%     96.00% |           3      1.09%     97.09% |           1      0.36%     97.45% |           2      0.73%     98.18% |           2      0.73%     98.91% |           2      0.73%     99.64% |           1      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          275                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     60031887                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    60031887    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     60031887                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5515                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.652584                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.146359                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         110      1.99%      1.99% |           0      0.00%      1.99% |        5397     97.86%     99.85% |           1      0.02%     99.87% |           6      0.11%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5515                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19386                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       19386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        19386                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     60051273                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    60051273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     60051273                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     60057063                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.003648                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.443074                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    60056781    100.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      60057063                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5790                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.837824                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.593088                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        5508     95.13%     95.13% |         249      4.30%     99.43% |          20      0.35%     99.78% |           2      0.03%     99.81% |           3      0.05%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.88% |           2      0.03%     99.91% |           2      0.03%     99.95% |           2      0.03%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5790                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   174.250000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   147.743327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   144.956890                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.076220                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.556173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.019038                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         297     90.55%     90.55% |          11      3.35%     93.90% |           8      2.44%     96.34% |           4      1.22%     97.56% |           5      1.52%     99.09% |           2      0.61%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           1      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          119                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         119    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          119                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        2053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.634994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.756667                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |        2350     98.37%     98.37% |          26      1.09%     99.46% |           9      0.38%     99.83% |           2      0.08%     99.92% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         2389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.175595                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.816927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.110538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         297     88.39%     88.39% |          26      7.74%     96.13% |           9      2.68%     98.81% |           2      0.60%     99.40% |           1      0.30%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           1      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2388                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2388                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        2389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         2389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         2389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |        2389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         2389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           96                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.534351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.377901                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.493505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          88     67.18%     67.18% |          42     32.06%     99.24% |           1      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          167                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         167    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          167                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |        5514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         5514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         5646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.887885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.815407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |        5514     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |         130      2.30%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         5646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          132                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.977273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.645959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.164991                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         130     98.48%     98.48% |           1      0.76%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           1      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          132                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1952                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.260246                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.428409                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.231896                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1862     95.39%     95.39% |          67      3.43%     98.82% |           6      0.31%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |          12      0.61%     99.74% |           5      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1952                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25583068                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    25583068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     25583068                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2678                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.668409                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.621223                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.881783                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2560     95.59%     95.59% |         115      4.29%     99.89% |           2      0.07%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2678                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          978                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          978                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25584046                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    25584046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25584046                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25588676                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.011658                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.078706                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    25588586    100.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      25588676                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4630                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.429806                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.469292                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.759408                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        4540     98.06%     98.06% |          67      1.45%     99.50% |           6      0.13%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |          12      0.26%     99.89% |           5      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         4630                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time        83166                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4008.818132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.num_msg_stalls          119                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time        23547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_stall_time  8016.012062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    479345495                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   479345495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    479345495                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10711273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10709457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49232233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     49231364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         2685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1352                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         1333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.072446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            41                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496731                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.113379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1352                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000879                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10693.971271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1417.108716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10693474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10688400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses         5074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49169515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     49168775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses         5814                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits         4524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         1290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.152840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496326                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.376120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         4524                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000883                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11221.300343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000385                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  4826.815575                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10762080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10746600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15480                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49382195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     49378337                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         3858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        19338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        16064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         3274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     5.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.161934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.499622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   502.347594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls        16067                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10971.786675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  4870.585226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10694205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10691825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2380                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49164148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     49163267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses         3261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         2171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         1090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.085906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496097                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.180221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2171                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000901                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11334.206047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  4898.871192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10705142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10703552                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49215873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits     49215017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses          856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses         2446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         1143                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         1303                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.084599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles            13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496530                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.094884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1143                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000883                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11196.749636                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1506.508753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10693130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10691215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49163413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits     49162642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses         2686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         1438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         1248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.089932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles            14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.119373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1438                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000887                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     6.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11109.958182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1322.639819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10704492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10703069                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1423                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49212208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits     49211356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses         2275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits          999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         1276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.074484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.496481                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.082930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          999                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000885                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10984.289643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1182.490068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10692367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10690509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses     49161791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits     49161036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses         2613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         1383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         1230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.074741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.495994                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.114807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1383                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000888                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10733.120258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  1409.284634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      479357539                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.001242                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.316456                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   479357376    100.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        479357539                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12044                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.441548                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.262192                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |       11881     98.65%     98.65% |         122      1.01%     99.66% |          12      0.10%     99.76% |           5      0.04%     99.80% |          19      0.16%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12044                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2004.006193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_stall_time  6012.008525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_stall_time  2004.003150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time  6012.003653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time  2004.098072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  6012.043080                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  2004.002465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  6012.016727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2004.023970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  6012.003383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time  2004.001930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2004.001930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  6012.000598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time  2004.001980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time  6012.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  2004.027506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         4008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3006.072446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  9691.971271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  3006.152840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time 10219.300376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3006.161934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  9969.786675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_stall_time  3006.085906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_stall_time 10332.206047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  3006.084599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time 10194.749603                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  3006.089932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time 10107.958182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3006.074484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  9982.289643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3006.074741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  9731.120258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time        82164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  3006.066543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time        22545                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  7014.012062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time         2505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      1432080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       290664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      1777800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      2594088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       289080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control        40968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       143856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       179010                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        36333                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       222225                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        36029                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        36135                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control         5121                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         1998                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        84872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       142928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       151920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        11376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10609                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17866                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2110                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     4.041279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.072446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10192.971271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.006193                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.008525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000013                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     4.770283                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        84872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        64264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        95760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10609                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8033                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1330                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     3.312276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        78664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        56160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        11376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          158                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       142528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       134424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10647                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1290                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1867                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1290                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.796063                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.152840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10720.300359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.003150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.003653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     2.096209                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        61936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        92664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10647                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7742                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.495917                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        80592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1290                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10074                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          580                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1290                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        69576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        26192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       217072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       441504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        26200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        33912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4        27134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3275                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          471                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.567429                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.161934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10470.786675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.098072                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000073                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.043080                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.822268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        69576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       170328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       235728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8697                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        21291                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.312590                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        26192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        46744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       205776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        26200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        33912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2858                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         3275                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          562                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          471                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        86872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       124832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       218592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         8720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10859                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1090                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15604                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1090                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     1.068553                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.085906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10833.206047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.002465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.016727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     1.191163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        86872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        53456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        78264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10859                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         6682                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1087                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.945944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        71376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       140328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         8720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1090                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8922                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1090                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       139544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       173304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2407                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     1.010294                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.084599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10695.749619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.023970                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.003383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     1.117910                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        63168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        93528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.902677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        76376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        79776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9547                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1108                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1303                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       140544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       129168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10700                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1794                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.996599                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.089932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10608.958182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.001930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.107299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        59280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        89712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10700                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7410                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.885900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        81264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        39456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10158                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       142376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       133488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        17797                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.047133                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.074484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10483.289643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.001930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.000598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     1.186111                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        61576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        91656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7697                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.908155                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        80800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        10208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          581                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         9840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       135376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       169488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         9840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        16922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2354                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     1.111707                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.074741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10232.120258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.001980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.000357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.133003                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        58592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        88416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1228                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     1.090412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         9840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        76784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         9840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         9598                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         1230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        95472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       176472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        96360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        47952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        11934                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2451                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        12045                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.322383                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time        82665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3507.066543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time        23046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  7515.012062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1503.027506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.503963                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        96360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        47952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        12045                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.140803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        95472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       176472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        11934                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2451                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.027787                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030129                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025446                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       668304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       592600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       865728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        96360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        47952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::3           67                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::4        74075                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        12045                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     1.632576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2505.072446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  9190.971271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  2505.152840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000315                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time  9718.300392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2505.161934                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time  9468.786675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.000091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_stall_time  2505.085906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time  9831.206047                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2505.084599                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  9693.749586                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2505.089932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  9606.958182                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2505.074484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time  9481.289643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2505.074741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000284                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  9230.120258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time        81663                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  2505.066543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time        22044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_stall_time  6513.012062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     4.770283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        84872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        64264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        95760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10609                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8033                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1330                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     2.096209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        61936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        92664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10647                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1287                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     1.822268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        69576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       170328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       235728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8697                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        21291                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3274                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     1.191163                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        86872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        53456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        78264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10859                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4         6682                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1087                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     1.117910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        63168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        93528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10645                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1299                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     1.107299                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        59280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        89712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10700                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1246                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     1.186111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        61576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        91656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7697                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1273                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     1.133003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        85728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        58592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        88416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        10716                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7324                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     3.503963                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        96360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        47952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        12045                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          791                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.030129                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    479357539                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000354                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   479357479    100.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    479357539                      
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1001                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pc.fake_com_4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions           3797                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1893                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2420041748.463286                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1937090314.904646                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1893    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       560118                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001271116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1893                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 474141764486                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4581139029841                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions           2712                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1349                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3388927907.962935                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1401732527.561128                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1349    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001287148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1349                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 483617046485                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4571663747842                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions           4552                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2272                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2027601596.349912                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1984393099.838308                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2272    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2272                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 448569967420                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4606710826907                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions           2947                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3128957447.008850                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1620829447.873947                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1469    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001270114                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 458842304671                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4596438489656                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions           4379                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2090389724.580468                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1952511769.682419                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2181    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       189428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001268110                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2181                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 496140805017                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4559139989310                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions           2969                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1476                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3128689147.023035                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1616780488.622127                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1476    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672341                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1476                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 437335613321                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4617945181006                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions          15733                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         7857                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 585125881.117984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1382550265.800776                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         7857    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       156813                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value   3991744554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         7857                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 457946746383                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4597334047944                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions           6764                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         3374                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 1368462070.496443                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1866478979.089029                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         3374    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       298095                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001476526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         3374                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 438089768472                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4617191025855                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1503                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5055280794327                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       156864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             156864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        42624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           42624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      2593968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               2593968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       704848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               704848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3298816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              3298816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples      3117.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.119505820686                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           38                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           38                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               21064                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                629                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2451                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        666                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2451                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      666                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     15199151                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   12255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                61155401                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6201.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24951.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 83.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                27.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2451                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  666                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    226.138165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.970919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   306.734677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          511     57.87%     57.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          180     20.39%     78.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           41      4.64%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      1.93%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      2.60%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.91%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.45%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.57%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94     10.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      64.684211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     79.002944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-15             14     36.84%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31             5     13.16%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             2      5.26%     55.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             3      7.89%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-79             5     13.16%     76.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            2      5.26%     81.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            1      2.63%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      2.63%     86.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      5.26%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      5.26%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      2.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.552632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.513684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.178578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12     31.58%     31.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      2.63%     34.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               18     47.37%     81.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6     15.79%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      2.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 156864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   42688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  156864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                42624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         2.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      2.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   60472613820                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   19400902.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       156864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        42688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 2593967.756438260898                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 705906.362115185708                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2451                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          666                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     61155401                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 1392605896035                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     24951.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 2090999843.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy              3020220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy              1609080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy             9410520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy            1477260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     4773908880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy       1032859950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy      22351705440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy        28173991350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        465.896733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58099204083                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2019420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    353985729                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy              3270120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy              1741905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy             8089620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy            2004480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     4773908880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy       1060745490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy      22328222880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy        28177983375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        465.962747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  58038399754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2019420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    414790058                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  104                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 105                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                241                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.respLayer11.occupancy              35200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer11.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer13.occupancy              33600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer13.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer15.occupancy              32000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer15.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer17.occupancy              30400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer17.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                 7212                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  60472609812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               95626                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               49557                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              246357                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               46597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer9.occupancy               36800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer9.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy               27200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              108107                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              271097                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy               55510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy               60209                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               67306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy               71385                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               74745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               5077801774884                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                               12110577                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1901496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                 25860312                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471985897                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   577859355                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1233933804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022521                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22520980557                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.Branches                             4307                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.Criticality                        180776                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu0.committedInsts                      22602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                        43975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                       6743                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                       3506                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997766                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      30494                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002234                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                        39028658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              87171.880040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads               24322                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              15333                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts         2620                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       1214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              38941486.119960                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                43474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                       43474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads              87259                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes             35982                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                       6729                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        10219                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                      3490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  220      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    33407     75.97%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     107      0.24%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       35      0.08%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                    6717     15.27%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                   3490      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                     43976                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.Branches                             6618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.Criticality                        240704                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      30093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        62682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                       9479                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                       4726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996033                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                      39653                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003967                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                        43998835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              174555.311782                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads               30381                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              19113                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         3665                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       2280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              43824279.688218                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                61484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       61484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             123348                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             50390                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       9649                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        14420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      4771                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  216      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    47926     76.46%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      98      0.16%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       35      0.06%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    9637     15.37%     92.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   4771      7.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     62683                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.Branches                          2416984                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.Criticality                     102698240                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   12837291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     22997665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    2904445                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                           81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    2062477                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           20                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.012467                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   16981196                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.987533                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                        44439305                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              43885267.590589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11498099                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            8221888                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1763457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                416509                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       416509                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              622026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             327565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     520248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              554037.409411                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             22606135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    22606135                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           44311395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18493229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    2903124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      4965328                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2062204                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               105384      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 17452148     75.85%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   85029      0.37%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   141846      0.62%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  28721      0.12%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                  7651      0.03%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                      74      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   28308      0.12%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   41474      0.18%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 121998      0.53%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                 22448      0.10%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  2      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               8194      0.04%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 1      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 2850603     12.39%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2022311      8.79%     99.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              52515      0.23%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             39893      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  23008600                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.Branches                            11295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.Criticality                        470408                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu3.committedInsts                      58822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       110586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                      17404                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                           10                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                      11886                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           14                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993946                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                      78485                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           30                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006054                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                        44855288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              271551.070786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads               57301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes              34478                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts         7087                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    38                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           38                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              44583736.929214                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               108851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      108851                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             227187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes             86547                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      17399                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        29254                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     11855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                  721      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    80360     72.66%     73.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     214      0.19%     73.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.04%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      1      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       2      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       4      0.00%     73.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       8      0.01%     73.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                     13      0.01%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     73.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   17372     15.71%     89.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  11855     10.72%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  7      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    110599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.Branches                            23728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.Criticality                        995056                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     124412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       225056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                      29273                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                           21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                      26249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                           16                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.987424                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                     167615                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                           50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.012576                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.numCycles                        45050410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              566571.830517                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads              122466                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes              81227                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts        16939                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                   175                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                          175                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                 277                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                141                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       4902                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              44483838.169483                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               221797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      221797                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             457189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            173521                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      29238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                        55456                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     26218                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu4.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                 1453      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   167563     74.45%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     439      0.20%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       61      0.03%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      2      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       4      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                      26      0.01%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                      38      0.02%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                     41      0.02%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     7      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   29184     12.97%     88.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  26218     11.65%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemRead                 38      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    225074                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.Branches                             4326                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.Criticality                        172568                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      21577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        42613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                       6252                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                       3301                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.997938                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                      29264                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.002062                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.numCycles                        43833215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              90383.853998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               25262                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              14233                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2687                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              43742831.146002                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                42133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       42133                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              83671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             34878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       6231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9511                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      3280                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu5.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                  254      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    32704     76.74%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     117      0.27%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.10%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    6217     14.59%     92.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   3280      7.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     42614                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.Branches                             4867                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.Criticality                        200768                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu6.committedInsts                      25102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                        48870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.dtb.rdAccesses                       7332                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.rdMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrAccesses                       3797                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.997557                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrAccesses                      33921                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu6.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.002443                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.numCycles                        43331643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              105863.179906                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads               27974                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              16811                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         3003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       1340                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              43225779.820094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                48316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       48316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads              96585                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             40039                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                       7315                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        11093                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                      3778                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu6.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                  259      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    37358     76.44%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     133      0.27%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.09%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                    7301     14.94%     92.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                   3778      7.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                     48871                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.Branches                             4923                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.Criticality                        202136                       # Criticality of the thread running on this core
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      25273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        49192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.dtb.rdAccesses                       7343                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.rdMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrAccesses                       3824                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.997525                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrAccesses                      34147                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu7.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.002475                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.numCycles                        42828900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              106005.951158                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               28058                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              16893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1382                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              42722894.048842                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                48611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       48611                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              97060                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             40233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       7330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        11148                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3818                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu7.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                  265      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    37621     76.48%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     131      0.27%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.09%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    7316     14.87%     92.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3818      7.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     49193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        12288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       60208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           60208                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |        1416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total         1416                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       60208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        60208                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |        1416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total           1416                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |        1416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total         1416                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       60208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        60208                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |        1416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total         1416                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       60208    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        60208                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    74.372949                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    68.756952                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    57.368930                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        1696     84.34%     84.34% |         276     13.72%     98.06% |           6      0.30%     98.36% |           4      0.20%     98.56% |           3      0.15%     98.71% |           0      0.00%     98.71% |           2      0.10%     98.81% |           3      0.15%     98.96% |          11      0.55%     99.50% |          10      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean           24                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.020388                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.010911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.680271                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2009     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.007956                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001410                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.356791                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        2010     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.401293                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.581981                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.350407                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1940     96.47%     96.47% |          41      2.04%     98.51% |           4      0.20%     98.71% |           3      0.15%     98.86% |          18      0.90%     99.75% |           5      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2011                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack           485940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks         6983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        61618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ         1416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE        60208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data             230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE        53378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS        188250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX        415725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data         6815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          850115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          690979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       540565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       607346      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE         6600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS       309945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX       184406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT        495655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS         6983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX         8837      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM      1083277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS       416326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS         3180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX          383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM         6789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS          194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks         6983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS          549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX         1169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS        10163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data       603988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETS         1402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX          854      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM         1129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS         7708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack         1546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers          215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_shared_data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data          215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack         9408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data         1195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack       474834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers        60208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data          230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data         6600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack        60208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_READ            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE          230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS       337533      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX        79550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT          1241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS          2163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX            13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS         2163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data         2163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT           496896      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS             2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Ack            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM      1091195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS       436554      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean         1138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       478844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack       480254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean         1138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean        16811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty       478844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.717890                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.577422                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.143090                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         409     93.81%     93.81% |          22      5.05%     98.85% |           1      0.23%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           2      0.46%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17377056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    17377056    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     17377056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.417445                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.399589                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.110424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         743     77.15%     77.15% |         220     22.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17393164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    17393164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     17393164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     17394563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.004656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.659816                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    17394536    100.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     17394563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.884918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.790237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.432562                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1372     98.07%     98.07% |          22      1.57%     99.64% |           1      0.07%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |           2      0.14%     99.86% |           2      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22470386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    22470386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     22470386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        10163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     2.094430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     2.320679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        1798     24.01%     24.01% |        2004     26.77%     50.78% |        1641     21.92%     72.70% |        1056     14.10%     86.80% |         166      2.22%     89.02% |           2      0.03%     89.05% |           3      0.04%     89.09% |           1      0.01%     89.10% |         816     10.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.046228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7486     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.035929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.026939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.562110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7482     99.93%     99.93% |           4      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.566716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.145927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     2.309953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        7060     94.30%     94.30% |           1      0.01%     94.31% |           3      0.04%     94.35% |           0      0.00%     94.35% |           0      0.00%     94.35% |         423      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         7487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.607248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.552458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          19      0.25%      0.25% |           0      0.00%      0.25% |           0      0.00%      0.25% |           0      0.00%      0.25% |        6606     88.01%     88.26% |         497      6.62%     94.88% |         382      5.09%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     4200822     48.75%     48.75% |     1362503     15.81%     64.56% |     1103690     12.81%     77.37% |      430781      5.00%     82.37% |      361572      4.20%     86.57% |      341263      3.96%     90.53% |      435616      5.06%     95.58% |      380443      4.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8616690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       55012     12.60%     12.60% |       62742     14.37%     26.97% |       55460     12.70%     39.68% |       51162     11.72%     51.40% |       53930     12.35%     63.75% |       54178     12.41%     76.16% |       56858     13.02%     89.19% |       47212     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       436554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |      585589     53.66%     53.66% |      186856     17.12%     70.79% |      149926     13.74%     84.53% |       42592      3.90%     88.43% |       29326      2.69%     91.12% |       25031      2.29%     93.41% |       35524      3.26%     96.67% |       36351      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1091195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1390835     59.93%     59.93% |      277677     11.97%     71.90% |      363519     15.66%     87.56% |       70330      3.03%     90.59% |       53116      2.29%     92.88% |       38196      1.65%     94.53% |       71632      3.09%     97.61% |       55355      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2320660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       18739     24.68%     24.68% |       13843     18.23%     42.91% |        9158     12.06%     54.98% |        6587      8.68%     63.65% |        6908      9.10%     72.75% |        6686      8.81%     81.56% |        7160      9.43%     90.99% |        6843      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        75924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      566389     55.99%     55.99% |      170788     16.88%     72.87% |      139949     13.83%     86.70% |       35788      3.54%     90.24% |       22425      2.22%     92.46% |       18433      1.82%     94.28% |       28345      2.80%     97.08% |       29515      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1011632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       12122     23.78%     23.78% |        5822     11.42%     35.20% |        6449     12.65%     47.85% |        3921      7.69%     55.54% |        5738     11.26%     66.80% |        4727      9.27%     76.07% |        6225     12.21%     88.28% |        5973     11.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        50977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      242954     30.48%     30.48% |      124790     15.66%     46.14% |      113594     14.25%     60.39% |       64617      8.11%     68.49% |       62956      7.90%     76.39% |       60623      7.61%     84.00% |       65618      8.23%     92.23% |       61927      7.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       797079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      363568      8.81%      8.81% |      447453     10.84%     19.65% |      501404     12.15%     31.80% |      575706     13.95%     45.75% |      569028     13.79%     59.54% |      572361     13.87%     73.41% |      550205     13.33%     86.74% |      547253     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4126978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      292349      6.30%      6.30% |      490289     10.56%     16.86% |      533015     11.48%     28.34% |      650044     14.00%     42.34% |      672130     14.48%     56.81% |      671691     14.47%     71.28% |      663628     14.29%     85.58% |      669719     14.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      4642865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      370985     59.69%     59.69% |      105423     16.96%     76.66% |       77768     12.51%     89.17% |       20743      3.34%     92.51% |       10021      1.61%     94.12% |        9575      1.54%     95.66% |       15728      2.53%     98.19% |       11250      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       621493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     2495160     72.45%     72.45% |      360941     10.48%     82.93% |      285840      8.30%     91.22% |       91576      2.66%     93.88% |       42709      1.24%     95.12% |       37879      1.10%     96.22% |       81990      2.38%     98.60% |       48074      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3444169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        4674     21.42%     21.42% |        2565     11.75%     33.17% |        2470     11.32%     44.49% |        2404     11.02%     55.51% |        2413     11.06%     66.57% |        2381     10.91%     77.48% |        2420     11.09%     88.57% |        2495     11.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        21822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      366325     61.04%     61.04% |      102918     17.15%     78.19% |       75366     12.56%     90.75% |       18412      3.07%     93.82% |        7662      1.28%     95.09% |        7261      1.21%     96.30% |       13360      2.23%     98.53% |        8827      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       600131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX |          38      2.92%      2.92% |         113      8.67%     11.59% |         138     10.59%     22.18% |         179     13.74%     35.92% |         188     14.43%     50.35% |         176     13.51%     63.85% |         192     14.74%     78.59% |         279     21.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX::total         1303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     1292020     52.19%     52.19% |      256729     10.37%     62.56% |      275839     11.14%     73.70% |      127079      5.13%     78.83% |      128735      5.20%     84.03% |      125939      5.09%     89.12% |      154707      6.25%     95.37% |      114704      4.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2475752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         659     30.47%     30.47% |          91      4.21%     34.67% |         238     11.00%     45.68% |          59      2.73%     48.40% |         280     12.94%     61.35% |         277     12.81%     74.16% |         286     13.22%     87.38% |         273     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      200064     48.62%     48.62% |       67870     16.49%     65.11% |       64583     15.69%     80.81% |       17376      4.22%     85.03% |       14763      3.59%     88.62% |       11172      2.71%     91.33% |       14985      3.64%     94.97% |       20688      5.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       411501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |          29      2.60%      2.60% |          73      6.55%      9.15% |         128     11.48%     20.63% |         148     13.27%     33.90% |         209     18.74%     52.65% |         188     16.86%     69.51% |         181     16.23%     85.74% |         159     14.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total         1115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX |         413     26.34%     26.34% |          84      5.36%     31.70% |         160     10.20%     41.90% |         169     10.78%     52.68% |         230     14.67%     67.35% |         182     11.61%     78.95% |         218     13.90%     92.86% |         112      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETX::total         1568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |      106531     14.61%     14.61% |      106597     14.62%     29.22% |       95986     13.16%     42.38% |       90558     12.42%     54.80% |       84459     11.58%     66.38% |       75452     10.35%     76.72% |       78862     10.81%     87.54% |       90893     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total       729338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       54353     12.51%     12.51% |       62651     14.42%     26.94% |       55222     12.71%     39.65% |       51103     11.76%     51.41% |       53651     12.35%     63.76% |       53901     12.41%     76.17% |       56572     13.02%     89.19% |       46939     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       434392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       48695     23.30%     23.30% |       42703     20.43%     43.73% |       26321     12.59%     56.32% |       21616     10.34%     66.67% |       16382      7.84%     74.51% |       15921      7.62%     82.12% |       18959      9.07%     91.19% |       18403      8.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total       209000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |       18080     24.51%     24.51% |       13752     18.64%     43.16% |        8920     12.09%     55.25% |        6528      8.85%     64.10% |        6628      8.99%     73.08% |        6409      8.69%     81.77% |        6874      9.32%     91.09% |        6570      8.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        73761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   313736029     39.10%     39.10% |    72123346      8.99%     48.09% |   127800502     15.93%     64.01% |    57820735      7.21%     71.22% |    57819884      7.21%     78.42% |    56715497      7.07%     85.49% |    58819179      7.33%     92.82% |    57606918      7.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    802442090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     1916434     62.44%     62.44% |      309354     10.08%     72.52% |      459485     14.97%     87.49% |       93501      3.05%     90.54% |       69628      2.27%     92.80% |       52619      1.71%     94.52% |       95168      3.10%     97.62% |       73091      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3069280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |      486845     97.67%     97.67% |        1063      0.21%     97.88% |        9654      1.94%     99.82% |          23      0.00%     99.82% |          62      0.01%     99.83% |          49      0.01%     99.84% |         693      0.14%     99.98% |          91      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       498480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    65299004     45.45%     45.45% |    12260765      8.53%     53.98% |    20364740     14.17%     68.15% |     9173514      6.38%     74.54% |     9150987      6.37%     80.91% |     8972073      6.24%     87.15% |     9346402      6.50%     93.66% |     9114384      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    143681869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   235343911     92.53%     92.53% |     3459815      1.36%     93.89% |    15174836      5.97%     99.86% |       88950      0.03%     99.90% |       30013      0.01%     99.91% |       38749      0.02%     99.92% |       46210      0.02%     99.94% |      150775      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    254333259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |      221823     75.28%     75.28% |       11903      4.04%     79.32% |       34659     11.76%     91.08% |        4531      1.54%     92.62% |       10233      3.47%     96.09% |        2217      0.75%     96.85% |        5235      1.78%     98.62% |        4057      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       294658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       16223     90.92%     90.92% |          70      0.39%     91.31% |        1450      8.13%     99.44% |           7      0.04%     99.48% |           7      0.04%     99.52% |           3      0.02%     99.53% |          73      0.41%     99.94% |          10      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        17843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3839292     50.62%     50.62% |     1094308     14.43%     65.05% |      350836      4.63%     69.67% |      451142      5.95%     75.62% |      466879      6.16%     81.78% |      446304      5.88%     87.66% |      464083      6.12%     93.78% |      471876      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      7584720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          96     12.96%     12.96% |         153     20.65%     33.60% |          81     10.93%     44.53% |          82     11.07%     55.60% |          57      7.69%     63.29% |          81     10.93%     74.22% |         113     15.25%     89.47% |          78     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |       13965     16.11%     16.11% |       13417     15.48%     31.58% |       11750     13.55%     45.14% |        8193      9.45%     54.59% |        8802     10.15%     64.74% |        7211      8.32%     73.06% |        7676      8.85%     81.91% |       15685     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        86699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |        1581      7.74%      7.74% |        4517     22.12%     29.86% |       10529     51.55%     81.41% |        1693      8.29%     89.69% |         673      3.29%     92.99% |         585      2.86%     95.85% |         403      1.97%     97.83% |         444      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total        20425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      162971     62.00%     62.00% |       46124     17.55%     79.54% |       32995     12.55%     92.09% |        6413      2.44%     94.53% |        3627      1.38%     95.91% |        2545      0.97%     96.88% |        4991      1.90%     98.78% |        3206      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       262872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       55844     70.52%     70.52% |        7027      8.87%     79.40% |        4369      5.52%     84.91% |        1616      2.04%     86.95% |        6292      7.95%     94.90% |         770      0.97%     95.87% |        2385      3.01%     98.88% |         884      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        79187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      141700     90.75%     90.75% |        2191      1.40%     92.16% |       11242      7.20%     99.36% |          18      0.01%     99.37% |         181      0.12%     99.48% |          37      0.02%     99.51% |         419      0.27%     99.78% |         349      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       156137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     66.67%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          15     35.71%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |          27     64.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      485401     97.93%     97.93% |         891      0.18%     98.11% |        8779      1.77%     99.88% |          12      0.00%     99.88% |          23      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.00%     99.89% |         519      0.10%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       495655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch |      194201     99.95%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.96% |          15      0.01%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Ifetch::total       194306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |     1505559     86.30%     86.30% |       50374      2.89%     89.19% |      118494      6.79%     95.98% |       20439      1.17%     97.15% |        9758      0.56%     97.71% |        8374      0.48%     98.19% |       18939      1.09%     99.28% |       12564      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1744501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      469178     98.19%     98.19% |         821      0.17%     98.36% |        7329      1.53%     99.90% |           5      0.00%     99.90% |          16      0.00%     99.90% |           3      0.00%     99.90% |         446      0.09%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       477812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    56049005     56.08%     56.08% |     6583721      6.59%     62.67% |    14265556     14.27%     76.94% |     4637833      4.64%     81.58% |     4598939      4.60%     86.19% |     4480826      4.48%     90.67% |     4731456      4.73%     95.40% |     4593104      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     99940440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |        1082     17.89%     17.89% |        2199     36.36%     54.25% |        1094     18.09%     72.34% |         393      6.50%     78.84% |         382      6.32%     85.15% |         257      4.25%     89.40% |         356      5.89%     95.29% |         285      4.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total         6048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       46712     20.90%     20.90% |       83162     37.21%     58.12% |       39475     17.66%     75.78% |       12454      5.57%     81.36% |        9940      4.45%     85.80% |        9454      4.23%     90.03% |       12095      5.41%     95.45% |       10174      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total       223466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |       13987      8.20%      8.20% |       69036     40.47%     48.67% |       57586     33.76%     82.43% |       13036      7.64%     90.07% |        3058      1.79%     91.86% |        4227      2.48%     94.34% |        5096      2.99%     97.33% |        4555      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total       170581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    23477323     37.53%     37.53% |     6469003     10.34%     47.87% |    11574958     18.50%     66.37% |     4285097      6.85%     73.22% |     4192995      6.70%     79.92% |     4051898      6.48%     86.39% |     4345246      6.95%     93.34% |     4166599      6.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     62563119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1009991     90.75%     90.75% |       28559      2.57%     93.32% |       49057      4.41%     97.73% |        4939      0.44%     98.17% |        4274      0.38%     98.55% |        2989      0.27%     98.82% |        7549      0.68%     99.50% |        5552      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1112910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch |         206     96.71%     96.71% |           1      0.47%     97.18% |           1      0.47%     97.65% |           1      0.47%     98.12% |           1      0.47%     98.59% |           1      0.47%     99.06% |           1      0.47%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Ifetch::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      936890     94.79%     94.79% |        8914      0.90%     95.69% |       29652      3.00%     98.69% |        2838      0.29%     98.98% |        2142      0.22%     99.20% |        1886      0.19%     99.39% |        3623      0.37%     99.75% |        2426      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       988371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       73101     58.70%     58.70% |       19645     15.77%     74.47% |       19405     15.58%     90.05% |        2101      1.69%     91.74% |        2132      1.71%     93.45% |        1103      0.89%     94.34% |        3926      3.15%     97.49% |        3126      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       124539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1010197     90.75%     90.75% |       28560      2.57%     93.32% |       49058      4.41%     97.73% |        4940      0.44%     98.17% |        4275      0.38%     98.55% |        2990      0.27%     98.82% |        7550      0.68%     99.50% |        5553      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1113123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |       63903      9.89%      9.89% |      297196     46.01%     55.90% |      192582     29.81%     85.71% |       34956      5.41%     91.12% |       15622      2.42%     93.54% |       14898      2.31%     95.85% |       12913      2.00%     97.85% |       13904      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total       645974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      366490     60.84%     60.84% |      104575     17.36%     78.20% |       75567     12.54%     90.75% |       18486      3.07%     93.81% |        7688      1.28%     95.09% |        7303      1.21%     96.30% |       13406      2.23%     98.53% |        8860      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       602375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |          13      5.35%      5.35% |          47     19.34%     24.69% |          55     22.63%     47.33% |          36     14.81%     62.14% |          24      9.88%     72.02% |          24      9.88%     81.89% |          25     10.29%     92.18% |          19      7.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total          243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       13343     11.95%     11.95% |       64362     57.65%     69.60% |       19212     17.21%     86.81% |        3833      3.43%     90.25% |        2919      2.61%     92.86% |        3070      2.75%     95.61% |        2392      2.14%     97.75% |        2508      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       111639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |      141700     90.75%     90.75% |        2191      1.40%     92.16% |       11242      7.20%     99.36% |          18      0.01%     99.37% |         181      0.12%     99.48% |          37      0.02%     99.51% |         419      0.27%     99.78% |         349      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       156137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |       54729     70.97%     70.97% |        6715      8.71%     79.67% |        4091      5.30%     84.98% |        1557      2.02%     87.00% |        6216      8.06%     95.06% |         661      0.86%     95.91% |        2335      3.03%     98.94% |         816      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total        77120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1115     53.94%     53.94% |         312     15.09%     69.04% |         278     13.45%     82.49% |          59      2.85%     85.34% |          76      3.68%     89.02% |         109      5.27%     94.29% |          50      2.42%     96.71% |          68      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      197544     83.95%     83.95% |        9218      3.92%     87.86% |       15611      6.63%     94.50% |        1634      0.69%     95.19% |        6473      2.75%     97.94% |         807      0.34%     98.28% |        2804      1.19%     99.48% |        1233      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       235324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |      125412     16.60%     16.60% |      226854     30.02%     46.62% |      189692     25.10%     71.72% |       52870      7.00%     78.71% |       39958      5.29%     84.00% |       27326      3.62%     87.62% |       31704      4.20%     91.81% |       61860      8.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total       755676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      199899     48.84%     48.84% |       66213     16.18%     65.02% |       64382     15.73%     80.75% |       17302      4.23%     84.98% |       14737      3.60%     88.58% |       11130      2.72%     91.30% |       14939      3.65%     94.95% |       20655      5.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       409257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     11.69%     11.69% |          12     15.58%     27.27% |          11     14.29%     41.56% |          14     18.18%     59.74% |          12     15.58%     75.32% |          10     12.99%     88.31% |           9     11.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ifetch::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1156     11.55%     11.55% |        4463     44.58%     56.13% |        2670     26.67%     82.80% |         582      5.81%     88.61% |         321      3.21%     91.82% |         271      2.71%     94.53% |         306      3.06%     97.58% |         242      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total        10011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         165      7.35%      7.35% |        1657     73.84%     81.19% |         201      8.96%     90.15% |          74      3.30%     93.45% |          26      1.16%     94.61% |          42      1.87%     96.48% |          46      2.05%     98.53% |          33      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         2244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |        1192     17.07%     17.07% |        2415     34.58%     51.65% |        1188     17.01%     68.67% |         499      7.15%     75.81% |         446      6.39%     82.20% |         357      5.11%     87.31% |         489      7.00%     94.31% |         397      5.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total         6983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |    22938965     29.77%     29.77% |      965086      1.25%     31.02% |     3547602      4.60%     35.63% |    49126201     63.76%     99.39% |       57491      0.07%     99.46% |       16224      0.02%     99.49% |       24375      0.03%     99.52% |      371909      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     77047853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       91513     40.42%     40.42% |       20069      8.86%     49.28% |      102320     45.19%     94.48% |        1531      0.68%     95.15% |        1991      0.88%     96.03% |         937      0.41%     96.45% |        1306      0.58%     97.02% |        6738      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total       226405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        1019     82.11%     82.11% |          35      2.82%     84.93% |         138     11.12%     96.05% |           3      0.24%     96.29% |          13      1.05%     97.34% |           3      0.24%     97.58% |          19      1.53%     99.11% |          11      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         1241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |      156101      3.53%      3.53% |      268180      6.06%      9.59% |      820392     18.54%     28.13% |     2927320     66.16%     94.28% |      212018      4.79%     99.08% |        8991      0.20%     99.28% |       13890      0.31%     99.59% |       18011      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      4424903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |          14      8.54%      8.54% |          54     32.93%     41.46% |          13      7.93%     49.39% |          20     12.20%     61.59% |           4      2.44%     64.02% |          12      7.32%     71.34% |          13      7.93%     79.27% |          34     20.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       46220     13.69%     13.69% |       38100     11.29%     24.98% |       35607     10.55%     35.53% |       35555     10.53%     46.07% |       36688     10.87%     56.94% |       33097      9.81%     66.74% |       33478      9.92%     76.66% |       78774     23.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       337519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        9537     12.91%     12.91% |       12412     16.80%     29.70% |       10757     14.56%     44.26% |        7219      9.77%     54.02% |        6701      9.07%     63.09% |        6671      9.03%     72.12% |        7013      9.49%     81.61% |       13591     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        73901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |        1122     19.26%     19.26% |        2318     39.79%     59.06% |        1075     18.45%     77.51% |         286      4.91%     82.42% |         271      4.65%     87.07% |         195      3.35%     90.42% |         309      5.30%     95.73% |         249      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total         5825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7596     37.43%     37.43% |        8551     42.13%     79.56% |        2033     10.02%     89.57% |         224      1.10%     90.68% |         242      1.19%     91.87% |         331      1.63%     93.50% |         383      1.89%     95.39% |         936      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        20296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       83144     41.14%     41.14% |       11059      5.47%     46.62% |       99787     49.38%     96.00% |         871      0.43%     96.43% |        1413      0.70%     97.13% |         276      0.14%     97.26% |         450      0.22%     97.48% |        5083      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       202083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        1019     82.11%     82.11% |          35      2.82%     84.93% |         138     11.12%     96.05% |           3      0.24%     96.29% |          13      1.05%     97.34% |           3      0.24%     97.58% |          19      1.53%     99.11% |          11      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         1241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |        7840     19.30%     19.30% |       16212     39.92%     59.22% |        7399     18.22%     77.44% |        1932      4.76%     82.20% |        1911      4.71%     86.90% |        1323      3.26%     90.16% |        2135      5.26%     95.42% |        1862      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total        40614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1120     19.30%     19.30% |        2316     39.92%     59.22% |        1057     18.22%     77.44% |         276      4.76%     82.20% |         273      4.71%     86.90% |         189      3.26%     90.16% |         305      5.26%     95.42% |         266      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           4     13.33%     43.33% |           3     10.00%     53.33% |           7     23.33%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           5     29.41%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           6     35.29%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           9     11.69%     11.69% |          24     31.17%     42.86% |          22     28.57%     71.43% |          10     12.99%     84.42% |           0      0.00%     84.42% |           6      7.79%     92.21% |           5      6.49%     98.70% |           1      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       83144     41.14%     41.14% |       11059      5.47%     46.62% |       99787     49.38%     96.00% |         871      0.43%     96.43% |        1413      0.70%     97.13% |         276      0.14%     97.26% |         450      0.22%     97.48% |        5083      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       202083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        7589     37.49%     37.49% |        8529     42.14%     79.63% |        2029     10.02%     89.65% |         224      1.11%     90.76% |         240      1.19%     91.94% |         331      1.64%     93.58% |         382      1.89%     95.46% |         918      4.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        20242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           7     12.96%     12.96% |          22     40.74%     53.70% |           4      7.41%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           2      3.70%     64.81% |           0      0.00%     64.81% |           1      1.85%     66.67% |          18     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       90740     40.80%     40.80% |       19610      8.82%     49.62% |      101820     45.79%     95.41% |        1095      0.49%     95.90% |        1655      0.74%     96.65% |         607      0.27%     96.92% |         833      0.37%     97.29% |        6019      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       222379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      586552      9.98%      9.98% |      711020     12.10%     22.08% |      720688     12.26%     34.34% |      771410     13.13%     47.47% |      771522     13.13%     60.60% |      774662     13.18%     73.78% |      768503     13.08%     86.86% |      772222     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5876579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      354377      6.76%      6.76% |      620916     11.85%     18.61% |      654559     12.49%     31.11% |      714686     13.64%     44.75% |      725339     13.84%     58.59% |      726043     13.86%     72.45% |      719363     13.73%     86.18% |      724239     13.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      5239522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    54941055     11.70%     11.70% |    67464757     14.36%     26.06% |   108769794     23.16%     49.21% |     8536127      1.82%     51.03% |    57680774     12.28%     63.31% |    56618620     12.05%     75.36% |    58687762     12.49%     87.86% |    57031448     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    469730337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       97539     12.14%     12.14% |      227008     28.24%     40.38% |      204012     25.38%     65.76% |       67000      8.34%     74.10% |       47646      5.93%     80.03% |       41091      5.11%     85.14% |       69688      8.67%     93.81% |       49732      6.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       803716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         425     26.83%     26.83% |         137      8.65%     35.48% |         737     46.53%     82.01% |           8      0.51%     82.51% |          26      1.64%     84.15% |          40      2.53%     86.68% |         155      9.79%     96.46% |          56      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         1584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3995739     13.42%     13.42% |     4148657     13.94%     27.36% |     4763506     16.00%     43.36% |     1084664      3.64%     47.01% |     3797702     12.76%     59.76% |     3969290     13.33%     73.10% |     4050617     13.61%     86.70% |     3958016     13.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     29768191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |      116054     10.54%     10.54% |      128808     11.70%     22.25% |      132312     12.02%     34.27% |      139346     12.66%     46.92% |      146848     13.34%     60.27% |      152337     13.84%     74.11% |      164862     14.98%     89.08% |      120175     10.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total      1100742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |       36458     11.10%     11.10% |       44405     13.52%     24.62% |       42306     12.88%     37.50% |       42273     12.87%     50.38% |       42305     12.88%     63.26% |       42444     12.92%     76.18% |       42761     13.02%     89.20% |       35467     10.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total       328419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |       12793     25.05%     25.05% |       11174     21.88%     46.93% |        6055     11.86%     58.78% |        4177      8.18%     66.96% |        4244      8.31%     75.27% |        4047      7.92%     83.19% |        4473      8.76%     91.95% |        4111      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        51074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14942     21.81%     21.81% |       11685     17.05%     38.86% |       12564     18.34%     57.19% |        2592      3.78%     60.98% |        3347      4.88%     65.86% |        2738      4.00%     69.86% |       13794     20.13%     89.99% |        6862     10.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        68524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       77412     11.36%     11.36% |      208604     30.62%     41.98% |      184466     27.08%     69.06% |       60069      8.82%     77.87% |       37366      5.48%     83.36% |       31054      4.56%     87.91% |       46651      6.85%     94.76% |       35688      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       681310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       47827     28.55%     28.55% |       29685     17.72%     46.26% |       19277     11.51%     57.77% |        9570      5.71%     63.48% |       13656      8.15%     71.63% |       15736      9.39%     81.02% |       16412      9.80%     90.82% |       15381      9.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       167544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |       13406     25.81%     25.81% |       11187     21.54%     47.35% |        6450     12.42%     59.77% |        4124      7.94%     67.71% |        4215      8.12%     75.82% |        4028      7.76%     83.58% |        4454      8.58%     92.15% |        4075      7.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        51939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS |           2      4.76%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |          11     26.19%     33.33% |           7     16.67%     50.00% |           7     16.67%     66.67% |           8     19.05%     85.71% |           4      9.52%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETS::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           5      1.31%      1.31% |          36      9.40%     10.70% |          46     12.01%     22.72% |          63     16.45%     39.16% |          54     14.10%     53.26% |          61     15.93%     69.19% |          47     12.27%     81.46% |          71     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       77412     11.36%     11.36% |      208604     30.62%     41.98% |      184466     27.08%     69.06% |       60069      8.82%     77.87% |       37366      5.48%     83.36% |       31054      4.56%     87.91% |       46651      6.85%     94.76% |       35688      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       681310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       14324     21.29%     21.29% |       11636     17.30%     38.59% |       12123     18.02%     56.61% |        2582      3.84%     60.45% |        3322      4.94%     65.38% |        2696      4.01%     69.39% |       13766     20.46%     89.85% |        6827     10.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        67276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         618     49.52%     49.52% |          49      3.93%     53.45% |         441     35.34%     88.78% |          10      0.80%     89.58% |          25      2.00%     91.59% |          42      3.37%     94.95% |          28      2.24%     97.20% |          35      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total         1248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |      119965     13.66%     13.66% |      132183     15.06%     28.72% |      106740     12.16%     40.88% |       91182     10.39%     51.26% |      102599     11.69%     62.95% |      102241     11.65%     74.59% |      116796     13.30%     87.90% |      106255     12.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       877961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       55012     12.60%     12.60% |       62742     14.37%     26.97% |       55460     12.70%     39.68% |       51162     11.72%     51.40% |       53930     12.35%     63.75% |       54178     12.41%     76.16% |       56858     13.02%     89.19% |       47212     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       436554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        3304      7.26%      7.26% |        5987     13.15%     20.41% |        6298     13.83%     34.24% |        4551     10.00%     44.24% |        6878     15.11%     59.34% |        5782     12.70%     72.04% |        7061     15.51%     87.55% |        5668     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total        45529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1194     36.76%     36.76% |         804     24.75%     61.51% |         230      7.08%     68.60% |         119      3.66%     72.26% |         228      7.02%     79.28% |         170      5.23%     84.51% |         301      9.27%     93.78% |         202      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         3248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |       39220     10.56%     10.56% |       44781     12.06%     22.61% |       50677     13.64%     36.26% |       47183     12.70%     48.96% |       53423     14.38%     63.34% |       58088     15.64%     78.98% |       46152     12.43%     91.41% |       31920      8.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total       371444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          10     16.13%     16.13% |           8     12.90%     29.03% |           1      1.61%     30.65% |           4      6.45%     37.10% |           1      1.61%     38.71% |           2      3.23%     41.94% |          30     48.39%     90.32% |           6      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       92354     12.32%     12.32% |      220289     29.38%     41.69% |      197030     26.28%     67.97% |       62661      8.36%     76.33% |       40713      5.43%     81.76% |       33792      4.51%     86.26% |       60445      8.06%     94.33% |       42550      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       749834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |      145751     13.24%     13.24% |      151378     13.75%     26.99% |      146663     13.32%     40.32% |      137741     12.51%     52.83% |      137882     12.53%     65.35% |      133540     12.13%     77.49% |      125014     11.36%     88.84% |      122813     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total      1100782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       54353     12.51%     12.51% |       62651     14.42%     26.94% |       55222     12.71%     39.65% |       51103     11.76%     51.41% |       53651     12.35%     63.76% |       53901     12.41%     76.17% |       56572     13.02%     89.19% |       46939     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       434392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24113568     37.83%     37.83% |     6720097     10.54%     48.37% |    11732420     18.40%     66.77% |     4322797      6.78%     73.56% |     4216339      6.61%     80.17% |     4072628      6.39%     86.56% |     4377220      6.87%     93.43% |     4191209      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     63746278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     1088373     84.97%     84.97% |       55822      4.36%     89.33% |       68023      5.31%     94.64% |        9371      0.73%     95.37% |       14155      1.11%     96.47% |        6828      0.53%     97.01% |       24111      1.88%     98.89% |       14234      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1280917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      302462     29.09%     29.09% |      221855     21.34%     50.43% |      295496     28.42%     78.85% |       60959      5.86%     84.71% |       38961      3.75%     88.46% |       31368      3.02%     91.47% |       47521      4.57%     96.05% |       41121      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1039743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      486420     97.89%     97.89% |         926      0.19%     98.08% |        8917      1.79%     99.87% |          15      0.00%     99.88% |          36      0.01%     99.88% |           9      0.00%     99.88% |         538      0.11%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       496896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       23896    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        23896                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           97                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.175258                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.726321                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.194475                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          87     89.69%     89.69% |           6      6.19%     95.88% |           1      1.03%     96.91% |           0      0.00%     96.91% |           1      1.03%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           97                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2941801                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2941801    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2941801                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3757                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.136811                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.657383                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          19      0.51%      0.51% |           0      0.00%      0.51% |           0      0.00%      0.51% |           0      0.00%      0.51% |        3736     99.44%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3757                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4307                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4307    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4307                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2946108                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     2946108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2946108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2949962                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.047559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.463034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |     2949865    100.00%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total       2949962                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3854                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.402958                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.748621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        3757     97.48%     97.48% |          87      2.26%     99.74% |           6      0.16%     99.90% |           1      0.03%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.03%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3854                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean          123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11578                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       11578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11578                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          298                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.812081                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.640931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.874929                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         248     83.22%     83.22% |          44     14.77%     97.99% |           5      1.68%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          298                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          185                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          185                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       11763    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.894959                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.701833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11763     97.52%     97.52% |           0      0.00%     97.52% |         292      2.42%     99.94% |           5      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        12062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.103679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.788890                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.355198                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         292     97.66%     97.66% |           5      1.67%     99.33% |           1      0.33%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           1      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            5                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            5                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       12062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        12062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |       12062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        12062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            4                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.750000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.136202                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.500000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            4                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       27350    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        27350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.767045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.594503                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.653139                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          80     45.45%     45.45% |          95     53.98%     99.43% |           1      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           57                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           57                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       27407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        27407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        27587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.262225                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.339917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       27407     99.35%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |         175      0.63%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        27587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          180                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    40.188889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.438262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.273788                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         175     97.22%     97.22% |           1      0.56%     97.78% |           0      0.00%     97.78% |           0      0.00%     97.78% |           3      1.67%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          180                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1473                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.613035                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.839023                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.120725                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1439     97.69%     97.69% |          12      0.81%     98.51% |           2      0.14%     98.64% |           2      0.14%     98.78% |          15      1.02%     99.80% |           3      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1473                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2100544                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2100544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2100544                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2312                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.225346                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.751909                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.375377                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1579     68.30%     68.30% |         356     15.40%     83.69% |         376     16.26%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2312                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3234                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3234    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3234                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2103778                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     2103778    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2103778                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2107563                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       0.115747                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.433535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     2107529    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       2107563                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3785                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.450462                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.334093                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.180002                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        3751     99.10%     99.10% |          12      0.32%     99.42% |           2      0.05%     99.47% |           2      0.05%     99.52% |          15      0.40%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3785                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaRequestToDir.avg_stall_time 35778.754613                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.dmaResponseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000243                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4011.219148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.num_msg_stalls           33                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   501.000401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 181861.053233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.unblockToDir.avg_stall_time  8016.003979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time          501                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time         3006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  3507.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22494282                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |    22494282    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     22494282                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        10243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits         9806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses          437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses        30494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits        30060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses          871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits          523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses          348                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.003945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001023                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.116579                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          523                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10811.465549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3371.501873                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        14196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits        13838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses          358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses        39653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits        39413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses          598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits          269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses          329                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.006888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.066292                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          272                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000015                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002086                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11521.605935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3008.293517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4967716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4957950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         9766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     16981065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     16968498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        12567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        22333                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17831                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         4502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     5.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.072867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.492352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   506.972483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls        18254                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     3.989582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10674.137948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.004161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3143.032421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        29452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits        28175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses        78455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits        77478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses          977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses         2254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         1455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses          799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.102346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.002729                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.328561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         1456                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000036                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001979                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     2.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11153.297977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000342                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3457.883238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses       167564                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits       165386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses         2178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses         4607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         2096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         2511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     1.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.035085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.005442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.467207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls         2096                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001598                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10804.874229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000522                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3355.392490                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000561                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         9542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits         9201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses          341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses        29264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits        29061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses          203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses          544                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits          240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses          304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000917                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.053497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          240                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     6.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10999.397976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3278.859053                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000068                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11122                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits        10670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses          452                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses        33921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits        33477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses          444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses          896                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits          527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses          369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.117470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          527                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 11522.007341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  3220.948087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000082                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        11160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits        10736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses          424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses        34147                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits        33683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses          464                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses          888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits          533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses          355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  4008.029780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.001126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   501.118808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          533                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 10101.015561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.triggerQueue.avg_stall_time  2955.359577                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.unblockFromCache.avg_stall_time         5010                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       22503799                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.021474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.324356                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    22503728    100.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         22503799                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9517                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    50.777766                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.625388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        9446     99.25%     99.25% |          41      0.43%     99.68% |           4      0.04%     99.73% |           3      0.03%     99.76% |          18      0.19%     99.95% |           5      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9517                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers002.avg_stall_time  2181.596395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers004.avg_stall_time  6012.016060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers005.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers008.avg_stall_time  2004.031318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time  6012.003332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time  2004.271241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  6015.744310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  2004.008192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time  2004.020596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers034.avg_stall_time  6012.004057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers038.avg_stall_time  2004.002006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  6014.087798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers041.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers044.avg_stall_time         2004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers046.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers047.avg_stall_time         6012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers049.avg_stall_time  1503.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers051.avg_stall_time  2004.004893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers052.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers054.avg_stall_time         4008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  3006.003945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  9809.465549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  3006.006888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time 10519.605935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3006.072867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  9672.053422                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers087.avg_stall_time  3006.102346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers088.avg_stall_time 10151.297977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  3006.035085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time  9802.874184                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  3006.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time  9997.397976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  3006.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time 10520.007341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers111.avg_stall_time  3006.029780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  9099.015561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers114.avg_stall_time 34776.752496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers116.avg_stall_time  3008.936283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers118.avg_stall_time 180859.060299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  7014.003979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers121.avg_stall_time  2505.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      1166280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       228864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      1449288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      2093256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       228384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control        73416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       222480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       145785                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        28608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       181161                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        29073                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        28548                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control         9177                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         3090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        82120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9346                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10265                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized    10.870687                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.003945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10310.465549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1680.596395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.016060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    12.825267                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9346                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2082                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     8.916107                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        65464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        83736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1163                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        85112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        74304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2          329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10639                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     4.839480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.006888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 11020.605935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.031318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.003332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.644565                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        15752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        23400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1969                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          325                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     4.034395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        69360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        50904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8670                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        41608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       258544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       447336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        68904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         5201                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4        32318                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1145                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1145                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          957                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     4.271953                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000141                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.072867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000741                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10173.053244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.271241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000422                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5514.744310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     4.977154                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        41608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       230696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       323064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         5201                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28837                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4487                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1145                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     3.566752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       124272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        36016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        68904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3481                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1145                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          188                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        71160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       100376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       141768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4        12547                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1969                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     2.891916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.102346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10652.297977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.008192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     3.221692                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        71160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        38584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        57240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4823                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.562140                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        61792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        84528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         6392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7724                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1174                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          799                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        57472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       175472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       209232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        20080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4        21934                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2510                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.746402                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.035085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10303.874207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.020596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.051755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        57472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       121160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       180720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15145                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2510                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     2.441050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        54312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        28512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        20080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         6789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          396                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         2510                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        75112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        85896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        56160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9389                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10737                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     2.691472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 10498.397976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5511.004057                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     2.988800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        75112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        21888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9389                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     2.394144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        71304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        34272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8913                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          476                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        76248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9325                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1059                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     2.828655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 11021.007341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1503.002006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  5513.087798                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     3.201429                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9325                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     2.455882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        69080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        49680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         8635                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          690                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        81000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       122400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1700                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     3.004857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3507.029780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  9600.015561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time         1503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         5511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     3.058616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.951097                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        63944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        96840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         7993                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1345                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        77544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        10920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       158832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        76128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        74160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1365                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2206                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9516                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1030                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     8.955815                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time 35277.753554                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3509.936283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time 181360.056766                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  7515.003979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1002.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1503.004893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time         1002                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     9.445498                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        10920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        76128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        74160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1365                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9516                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1030                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     8.466132                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        77544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       144792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.074844                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3006.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers09.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time         3507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.081144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.068544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       544368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       483104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       697536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        76128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        74160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        68046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9517                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::4        60388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1030                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     4.408720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2505.003945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  9308.465549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers009.avg_stall_time  2505.006888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time 10018.605935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000142                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2505.072867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.002368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time  9171.053601                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.000199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers021.avg_stall_time  2505.102346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000487                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time  9650.297977                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers027.avg_stall_time  2505.035085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.001512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  9301.874218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers033.avg_stall_time  2505.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers034.avg_stall_time  9496.397976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers039.avg_stall_time  2505.004859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers040.avg_stall_time 10019.007341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_buf_msgs     0.000208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers045.avg_stall_time  2505.029780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers046.avg_stall_time  8598.015561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_buf_msgs     0.000260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers048.avg_stall_time 34275.751437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  2507.936283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_buf_msgs     0.003100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers052.avg_stall_time 180358.063832                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers053.avg_stall_time  6513.003979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers11.port_buffers055.avg_stall_time  2004.010566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization    12.825267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9346                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2082                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     5.644565                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        15752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        23400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1969                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          325                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     4.977154                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        41608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       230696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       323064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         5201                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28837                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     3.221692                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        71160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        38584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        57240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         8895                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4         4823                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     3.051758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        57472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       121184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       180720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4         2510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     2.988800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        75112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        21888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9389                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     3.201429                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9325                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     3.058616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        74704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         9338                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     9.445498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        10920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        76128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        74160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9517                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1365                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::4          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          195                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1030                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.081144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          192                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     22503799                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000086                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000060                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.009265                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    22501867     99.99%     99.99% |        1932      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     22503799                      
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1001                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pc.fake_com_4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions           3811                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1901                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2421675428.498685                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1935869824.235899                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1901    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       560118                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001271116                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1901                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 474196785308                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4603604989576                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions           2731                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1359                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3380521697.311258                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1408310020.165553                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1359    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001287148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1359                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 483672788238                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4594128986646                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions           4569                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2029350536.903990                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1983885990.493215                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2281    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286146                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 448853200206                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4628948574678                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions           2961                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1477                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3127226155.769804                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1620879682.569290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1477    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672842                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001270114                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1477                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 458888742812                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4618913032072                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions           4394                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         2188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 2083830331.241316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1952827924.921162                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         2188    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       189428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001268110                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         2188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 518381010128                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4559420764756                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions           2989                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         1487                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 3120598400.117014                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1621372403.466754                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         1487    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       672341                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001286647                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         1487                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 437471953910                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4640329820974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions          15745                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         7864                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 587462452.581256                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1384494009.351005                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         7864    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       156813                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value   3991744554                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         7864                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 457997047785                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4619804727099                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8016                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions           6776                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::samples         3381                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::mean 1372263430.811594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::stdev 1867186250.395426                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::1001-5e+10         3381    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::min_value       298095                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::max_value  10001476526                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.ticksClkGated::total         3381                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 438179115310                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4639622659574                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      501                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1503                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 5077801774884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       128704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             128704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5714849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               5714849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3481198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3481198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      9196047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              9196047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples      3235.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.016210343410                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           60                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           60                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               10855                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState               1166                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     11543902                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   10050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                49231402                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5743.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24493.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1700                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     540                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                44.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    208.241692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.904877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.040074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          584     58.81%     58.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          204     20.54%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           49      4.93%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           29      2.92%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      2.11%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      1.11%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.60%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.60%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           83      8.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      31.683333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     40.857127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              27     45.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             10     16.67%     61.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23             2      3.33%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             1      1.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             1      1.67%     68.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             4      6.67%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             4      6.67%     81.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             2      3.33%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             2      3.33%     88.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      1.67%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      1.67%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      1.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      1.67%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      3.33%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      1.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      20.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     19.204783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     10.742281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17             7     11.67%     11.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            47     78.33%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21             2      3.33%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             1      1.67%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::46-47             1      1.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      1.67%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::78-79             1      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 128640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   78336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  128704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                78400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         5.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      5.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   22520961018                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    6959505.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       128640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        78336                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 5712007.062677203678                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 3478356.539660148323                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2011                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     49231402                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 511955717247                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     24481.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 417923034.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actEnergy              3520020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preEnergy              1870935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.readEnergy             6211800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.writeEnergy            3586140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.refreshEnergy     1777538880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actBackEnergy        537635400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.preBackEnergy       8195310720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalEnergy        10525673895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.averagePower        467.371919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21300474671                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    751920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    468585886                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actEnergy              3577140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preEnergy              1897500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.readEnergy             8139600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.writeEnergy            2803140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.refreshEnergy     1777538880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actBackEnergy        554260590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.preBackEnergy       8181310560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalEnergy        10529527410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.averagePower        467.543027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.totalIdleTime                0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21263568921                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    751920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    505491636                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           30                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          287                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           83                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           39                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           34                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.respLayer11.occupancy              50462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer11.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer13.occupancy              17602                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer13.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer15.occupancy              21384                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer15.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer17.occupancy              42898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer17.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               157454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                63032                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22520980557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy               22592                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               16880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              737025                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               18727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer9.occupancy               97032                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer9.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              478189                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              215290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               15796                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy               19784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy               19871                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy               20214                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               20329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy               33751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy               30669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
